My heart was racing just from watching your GoPro footage. I remember the first time I ever hopped into a go-kart. It was at one of those cheesy, all-in-one arcade places with a figure-eight track. My mind was elsewhere, for sure. I was hungry—maybe if I beat one of my friends, they’d buy me a slice of pizza. I didn’t even want to do go-karts; I wanted to play laser tag. At least that would be inside, away from the 100°F heat radiating off the tarmac. But the race wasn’t on my dime. The smell of exhaust wafted up my nose, the pops of those little 100cc engines filled my ears, and from there, it was a blur.

I couldn’t tell you how many laps we did, but I knew something had changed in me the moment I pulled into the pit and found my hands glued to the steering wheel. I couldn’t move them. It was as if they were welded to the wheel. I watched all my friends hop out and walk away while I had to channel Kill Bill Vol. 2 to get myself out of the kart. Wiggle your right index finger. Wiggle your right index finger. Eventually, I managed to wrench my right hand off the wheel and peel my left hand free.

I’ll never forget that day. I haven’t felt that way in at least 15 years. Not even going over 150 mph with the cops, running every red light through the city (legally), brought me back to that moment. For years, I’ve been pricing out a rig, looking for the best components, even dabbling in VR a bit. But nothing took me back like watching your passion come to life, piece by piece. If anything, I learned that passion is a journey, not a race. One day, I’ll have to peel my hands off a wheel again. And the journey to get there will make it all the sweeter.

https://youtu.be/8EOZaf7Gu2M?si=6_NOnyL-b0Pj8T13
