SAUSSURE, BAKHTIN, KRISTEVA THE RELATIONAL WORD: SAUSSURE Literary and cultural theory is often viewed as taking its origins from the birth of modern linguistics: a discipline which can be said to emerge in the work of Ferdinand de Saussure. In his Course in General Linguistics, a collection of his lectures first published in 1915, Saussure looked again at the fundamental question: what is a linguistic sign? Dividing the sign into parts, Saussure produced adefinition in which a sign can be imagined as a two-sided coin combining a signified (concept) and a signifier (sound-image). This notion of the linguistic sign emphasizes that its meaning is non-referential: a sign is not a word’s reference to some object in the world but the combination, conveniently sanctioned, between a signifier and a signified. In the English language we employ the word ‘tree’ not because it literally points to certain tree-like objects in the world but because the signifier ‘tree’ is associated with a certain concept. In Latin we would employ the signifier ‘arbor’ to refer to the same concept; in Saussure’s original Frenc

it would be designated by the word ‘arbre’. Signs are arbitrary, possessing meaning not because of a referential function but because of their function within a linguistic system as it exists at any one moment of time. Language as it exists at any moment of time is referred to as the synchronic system of language, rather than the diachronic element of language, which evolves through time. When humans write or speak they may believe they are being referential, but in fact they are producing specific acts of linguistic communication (parole) out of the available synchronic system of language (langue). The reference of the sign is to the system, not directly to the world. Such a recognition of the arbitrary or non-referential nature of linguistic communication has many implications for traditional ideas about what it means to employ language. If traditional notions present us with a vision of a human speaker originating the meanings contained in his or her chosen words, then Saussure’s linguistics replaces that vision with the recognition that all acts of communication stem from choices made within a system which preexists any speaker. As Barthes writes, clarifying the idea of la langue: It [la langue] is the social part of language, the individual cannot himself either create or modify it; it is essentially a collective constraint which one must accept in its entirety if one wishes to communicate. (Barthes, 1984: 82) For Saussure, the linguistic sign is not simply arbitrary, it is also differential. The sign ‘tree’ has its place in the system of language (la langue) because of its position with regard to sets of related sounds and words. To write the sentence ‘The tree is green’ is to select the word ‘tree’ out of a set of related sounds –‘sea’ or ‘bee’–and related words –‘bush’, ‘trunk’, ‘branch’ and all the particular names of trees, like oak or ash. The placing of words together in sentences involves what is termed the syntagmatic (combinatory) axis of language; the selection of certain words out of sets of possible words involves what is termed the paradigmatic (selection) axis of language. Any piece of language (parole) is produced by processes of combination along the syntagmatic axis and of selection along the paradigmatic axis. 9 ORIGIN

The meanings we produce and find within language, then, are relational; they depend upon processes of combination and association within the differential system of language itself. This relational aspect of language cannot be avoided or overcome. Saussure, in the Course, writes the following: in language there are only differences. Even more important: a difference generally implies positive terms between which the difference is set up; but in language there are only differences without positive terms. Whether we take the signified or the signifier, language has neither ideas nor sounds that existed before the linguistic system, but only conceptual and phonic differences that have issued from the system. (Saussure, 1974: 120) Signs are not ‘positive terms’; they are not referential, they only possess what meaning they do possess because of their combinatory and associative relation to other signs. No sign has a meaning of its own. Signs exist within a system and produce meaning through their similarity to and difference from other signs. The implications of such a vision of the sign, and of language generally, can be said to have affected all areas of the human sciences in the twentieth century. Saussure, in the Course, imagines a new science which would study ‘the life of signs within society’ which he calls semiology (Saussure, 1974: 16). Structuralism, a critical, philosophical and cultural movement based on the notions of Saussurean semiology sought, from the 1950s onwards, to produce a revolutionary redescription of human culture in terms of sign-systems modelled on Saussure’s redefinitions of sign and linguistic structure. This revolution in thought, which has been styled the ‘linguistic turn’ in the human sciences, can be understood as one origin of the theory of intertextuality. To cite Saussure as the origin of ideas concerning intertextuality is a move not without its problems, however. It is as viable to cite the Russian literary theorist M. M. Bakhtin as the originator, if not of the term ‘intertextuality’, then at least of the specific view of language which helped others articulate theories of intertextuality. Bakhtin, as we will see, takes a very different 10 ORIGIN

approach to language and is far more concerned than Saussure with the social contexts within which words are exchanged. If the relational nature of the word for Saussure stems from a vision of language seen as a generalized and abstract system, for Bakhtin it stems from the word’s existence within specific social sites, specific social registers and specific moments of utterance and reception. Since neither Saussure nor Bakhtin actually employs the term, most people would wish to credit Julia Kristeva with being the inventor of ‘intertextuality’. Kristeva, as we shall observe, is influenced by both Bakhtinian and Saussurean models and attempts to combine their insights and major theories. Despite the above points, it is true enough to say that the basis upon which many of the major theories of intertextuality are developed takes us back to Saussure’s notion of the differential sign. If all signs are in some way differential, they can be understood not only as non-referential in nature but also as shadowed by a vast number of possible relations. The linguistic sign is, after Saussure, a non-unitary, non-stable, relational unit, the understanding of which leads us out into the vast network of relations, of similarity and difference, which constitutes the synchronic system of language. If this is true of linguistic signs in general, then, as many after Saussure have argued, it is doubly true of the literary sign. Authors of literary works do not just select words from a language system, they select plots, generic features, aspects of character, images, ways of narrating, even phrases and sentences from previous literary texts and from the literary tradition. If we imagine the literary tradition as itself a synchronic system, then the literary author becomes a figure working with at least two systems, those of language in general and of the literary system in particular. Such a point reinforces Saussure’s stress on the non-referential nature of signs, since in reading literature we become intensely aware that the signs deployed in any particular text have their reference not to objects in the world but to the literary system out of which the text is produced. If a modern author, for example, presents a characterization of Satan in their text they are far more likely to have in mind John Milton’s representation of Satan in his epic poem Paradise Lost than any literal notion of the Christian Devil. Similarly, if we read a novel 11 ORIGIN

in which a young heroine is pursued by supernatural forces before being imprisoned by an evil uncle in a ruined castle, our thoughts will be less of what actually happens in the world than of the tradition of the Gothic novel, popular since the eighteenth century. As Barthes and others have argued, even apparently ‘realist’ texts generate their meaning out of their relation to literary and cultural systems, rather than out of any direct representation of the physical world. Such recognitions about the linguistic and the literary sign force us to reconsider the nature of literary works themselves. No longer the product of an author’s original thoughts, and no longer perceived as referential in function, the literary work is viewed not as the container of meaning but as a space in which a potentially vast number of relations coalesce. A site of words and sentences shadowed by multiple potentialities of meaning, the literary work can now only be understood in a comparative way, the reader moving outwards from the work’s apparent structure into the relations it possesses with other works and other linguistic structures. Comparison is, perhaps, the wrong word here, since we are talking not so much of the placing of one work in relation to others as of the registering of the relational position of signs and works within systems of meaning. Perhaps the most famous expression of such a view of the literary work, now called a text, comes in Roland Barthes’s essay of 1968, ‘The Death of the Author’. The title of this short essay articulates neatly what the emergence of the concept of intertextuality frequently does to the concept of the author. At the beginning of his essay Barthes quotes a line from Balzac’s short story Sarrasine in which we find this description of a ‘castrato disguised as a woman’: ‘This was woman herself, with her sudden fears, her irrational whims, her instinctive worries, her impetuous boldness, her fussings and her delicious sensibility’. Barthes, in discussing the line, foregrounds the fact that its reader remains uncertain of who is speaking: is the speaker the hero of the story? or Balzac as author? or some notion of general cultural wisdom? These questions also highlight the fact that in such a sentence we do not know precisely what kind of language is being used. Barthes here is also concerned with the notion of discourse, the idea that within society at any one time there are many different ways of speaking 12 ORIGIN

or writing. In the sentence, for example, Barthes lists various possible ways of speaking, various discourses: a universal wisdom concerning women? the personal experience of the author? a brand of Romantic psychology? literary conventions about gender difference? and so on (Barthes, 1977a: 142). Balzac’s sentence does not express a single meaning stemming from an originary author; rather, it leads its reader into a network of possible discourses and seems to emanate from a number of possible perspectives. Certain single signs within the sentence, for example the word ‘sensibility’, have a potentially vast array of cultural and literary resonances. In French and in English, though differences between the two languages complicate things even further, sensibility can relate to psychology, eighteenth-century medical discourses, notions of Romantic love, of ethical and social concerns, ideological commitments and conflicts, literary conventions such as the novel of sentiment and sensibility and so on. Sensibility, as a single word within just one sentence of Balzac’s short story, has an intertextual dimension far beyond any possible authorial intention. In that same essay, Barthes writes: We know now that a text is not a line of words releasing a single ‘theological’ meaning (the ‘message’ of the Author-God) but a multidimensional space in which a variety of writings, none of them original, blend and clash. The text is a tissue of quotations drawn from the innumerable centres of culture ... the writer can only imitate a gesture that is always anterior, never original. His only power is to mix writings, to counter the ones with the others, in such a way as never to rest on any one of them. Did he wish to express himself, he ought at least to know that the inner ‘thing’ he thinks to ‘translate’ is only a ready-formed dictionary, its words only explainable through other words, and so on indefinitely. (Barthes, 1977a: 146–47) Informed by Saussurean linguistics and its theoretical legacy, Barthes announces the death of the Author on the basis of a recognition of the relational nature of the word. Barthes refers to that traditional notion of the author in theological terms. We might remember here the opening of the Gospel of John: ‘In 13 ORIGIN

the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God’. In the religious traditions of the West, God is viewed as the originary author of two books: the Bible and the Book of Nature. In a comparable manner, the human author has traditionally been seen as the origin of the meaning of the work. Saussure’s work allows us to question the understanding of the Word, or the sign, implied by such traditions. The meaning of the author’s words, Barthes suggests, does not originate from the author’s own unique consciousness but from their place within linguistic-cultural systems. The author is placed in the role of a compiler or arranger of pre-existent possibilities within the language system. Each word the author employs, each sentence, paragraph or whole text s/he produces takes its origins from, and thus has its meaning in terms of, the language system out of which it was produced. The view of language expressed in these lines by Barthes is what theorists since the period in which his essay was produced have termed intertextual. Although Barthes’s examination of this single sentence from Balzac’s Sarrasine is a good example of the influence of Saussurean notions on modern literary theory, Barthes is also employing perspectives which derive from Bakhtin, and particularly from Julia Kristeva’s poststructuralist work on Bakhtin. To go any further in our understanding of intertextual theories, we need to examine Bakhtin’s major theories, and also what Kristeva does with them in her work of the late 1960s and early 1970s