# reasearch readme 

repository for worldbuilding research. 
ref the following books below


The following is a list of influences that will guide my research into worldbuilding

- cyberpunk culture
- video game visual reference books
- angels & demons
- world mythology 
- genre
- science fiction
- literaure and class
- soviet space
- the concept of radical socialism vs radical capitalism


# The origin of the modern timeline
- space. reinfatuation with the cosmic horizon dominates the science-fiction world of Leechseed at the dawn of the 21st century. 
- technology has made space exploration possible thru the possibilities of near earth and earth centered space sattelites. 
- at the centre of this cultural and technological boom is a man called Leonid Tusk, an American, born from a familial line of illegal immagrants and a russian prostitue, he levereged the unsubstanciated wealth generated by his family's life in crime to hopefully rewrite the image of his name and family. 
- He built a company. A Space Company. ACME Space Company. 
- Thru his uncanny ability of logistic genius and a passion fueled by the dog eat dog culture of America, he elevated his name to the stars with America in tow. 
- Alas, he is not exempt from controversey. 
- In spite of his age, an open secret of his children, specifically his son, is not his son. But in fact, is, him. 
- A clone. One of several that are known, for the next century, he, Leonid Tusk, age '212' perhaps clone #4, carries America to a wealthy and prosperous future. 
- A permanent moon base designed to harvest and transport once rare elements to earth. 
- A logistic network of near earth/far earth sattelites and stations that simply provide America with a dominating economic, cultural, and techonological advantage that no other country in the world could compete with. 
- Until, betrayal. 
- An unrequited son of a clone, perhaps several, escapes from a secret stealth space station to land where else but Russia. 
- There, the boy causes more trouble than good. 
- Conflict as America, Tusk, and Russia are at a tipping point. 
- Unforunately, Tusk uncovers intelligence data that the United States tried to keep hidden from Tusk. 
- An ironic and iconoclastic physical file folder containing hand developed images of his unrequited son, evicerated, meticulously, on in an operating theatre. 
- Within the file it reveals that the unnamed unqrequited son of Tusk divulged secrets that not even the US knew about the Tusk operation. 
- However, it wasn't the data which sent Tusk over the edge, it was the final picture. 
- There where three. Three children of Tusk evicerated and displayed liked Jesus and the two criminals on pontous pilot. 
- What follows is generally understood as an extinction level series of events. 
- What begins as a small standoff between US Space Rangers and Tusk Security erupts into a standoff on every cooperative station that the two operate. 
- One shot was fired, and the rest is history. 
- A cascading event of sattelites crashing into each other envelops earth in a swarm of metal rain. 
- Unbenknownst to Tusk, is that the US and the entire world has been preparing for a day like this. 
- It is an open secret that every employ of Tusk is infused with his DNA. A part of the deal to work for the corporation. 
- Which, makes a genetic disease to wipe out every Tusk clone immensely possible. 
- The US and the world, in one grand act of betrayal work together to synthesize the the disease. 
- known as Margin or rather cleverly, 'the Brutus' or 'the brute'
- Delievered, rather poetically, the virus is injected into the body thru violence, a knife, capable of penetrating thru any type of armor, zero-gravity, space, whathave you, which then injects margin directly into the blodstream of a T-clone. 
- The virus acts upon the nervous system, sending each victim into a convlusing mess of a death. 
  - side note, each generation of T-clone is genetically 'stronger' than the previous. EG - super human, the next human etc. 
- Long story short, the world wipes out Tusk, and is returned to the economic and evolutionary euqivilent to the 70s. 
- Nations, restricted from space, consume natural resources and views areas of such with great value. 
- yada yada yada, the next conflict occurs, the world vs USA. 
- At the brink of surrender, a large unidentified object emerges on old fashioned space scopes. 
- What the world doesn't realize, is that they missed one clone. The original. 
- Riding a magestic comet the size of texas, reportedly full of what better than something known as 'alien oil' or 'aeoli' 
- in one of the most widely transmitted speeches of all time, the speech known as 'America, I am the dream' Tusk clone 1 states despite the betrayal and the conflict, in the end Tusk never wanted more than to be forgiven for his family's actions. 
- In one crazy moment, the giant comet is split into several pieces. 
- Several find themselves in orbit, blowing up any large pieces of debris from the sattelites, effectively cleaning up the mess of the previous war, opening up the heavens to explore once again...
- One giant piece lands on Russia, effectively eliminating it from existence, while others gracefully land in areas other than america. 
- Long story short, what develops into the present day is an economy based on the harvesting of this aeoli. 
- The docks, is where a major amount of this stuff is processed. 
- The survivors of the Reckoning are either American, or risking everything to become American. 
- Unabstructed, America quickly is able to reconstruct its space infrastructure, not really geared to exploration but that of harvesting resoruces from the debris ring around earth. 
- However, there is always a reminder, that Tusk, is probably still out there. Most likely, the moon. A man, men, women, perhaps a whole civilization of them, are still there. 
- But most people believe, that they stay in heaven and leave Americans to live a life of their own destiny. 


## The State of Leonola
## The City Kudzu  
## The K-Wards (neighborhoods and districts of Kudzu)
- spaceport
- the irridesent delta
- the underground
- 5 points plaza
