the future megalopolis known as "Delta Coast" is the combination of the sprawling nature of 3 states of florida, alabama, and georgia kind of forming their own super city. at the center are the ways to access to space. basically the international airport for space and it is the main way all military, civilian, everything travels through this space port. after that, the counties spiral out from the center like france. and each full spiral has a 'band' a super highway that wraps around each spiral, and the further out the less developed and poor that shit gets. to the point on the outside bands, are the everglades, beaches, etc. but also poorly enforced in terms of safety, at that point there are sherrifs but they are so far and far between, you might as well figure yourself the own law. so around these outer bands are where the races i'm talking about with the midnight family. so its taken place in these outer band highways. the low enformcement allows such crazy racing, however in the outer bands what technology they do have is the internet. live streaming and open gambling sites similar to polymarket, allow massive bets to be put in to bet on winners in races. so i guess the authority for these races is run by a big criminal organization of the south. Perhaps its set up something like the two families fighting each other like in Red Dead Redemption 2? The braithwates and whatever. ONE of those famlies (we'll call them the Fowlers) will be the sort of pseduo high end runners of the races. The basics and vibe will be like nitrox or rallycross that takes place over a long circut corse like pod rachign, howver these tracks are made using public roads and the high speed of the super highways. anyways so what if at the end of the episode, like the 'reset' of riley and quinn, what if the same happend to Victoria? So what if there was a driver and codriver? and whatever circumstances, maybe it would be better if victoria is driving? but lets say she doesn't trust her brother's pace notes, he goes too slow, so for every call Victoria ams it up one knotch or someting wreck happens, she hangs upside down unable to do anything in a crash, and she watches her brother burn alive, but seconds later the car blows up, but then we smash cut to the funeral of her borther? consult reiterate making sure you understand. i skip around a lot here let me know if you need clarifying questions 



ok so i have some future notes. later the series/season it should be revealed that all of these false deaths are actually the recreated booting point of cyborgs that have been rebuilt to fuilfill a purpose for the buyer. Like for Quinn, it will be his family's faction The Bishops in one of the large parties of the politics in the future. He is a mauchurian candidate and was rebuilt death because he served purpose. the same with Riley. For Victoria, it will be the rivals of the Fowlers (Montgomery). The Montgomery's position is the opposite party of the  The Bishops, so the idea here is that both of them were saved from death because they have a duty that they did not chose to have they are simply the most useful and logical choice for these opoosing systems. 