# STORY

the setting: a future alternate human timeline. where the cold war never quit, and the USSR was, in fact, the big baddie that Democracy feared. The moon is an economic boon and serves as a backdrop of these two massive ideologies as they balance survival of their own philosophies amongst a colony of humans who have no alliegance to earth

---

- the free moon crusade begins
- mayari and her family live a blessed life on the frontier farming
- word reaches them of the crusade
- her brother joins
- the worker's crusade of 60,000 rape and pillage all that is in their wake
- when they pass mayari's family's home, they do the same
- killing everyone, in front of mayari, her brother is piked, her farm burns.

- mayari wakes somewhere she doesn't know, somewhat in a drugbended stupor
- forever in a self imposed psychosis to numb the pain
- she wakes up in the big city of the spire
  - a criminal
  - a druggie
  - a sex addict
- in this stupor she meets a fellow junkie, someone nearly the opposite of her but fallen into the save craven disease. Her name is Akali.
- until one day a man named Zaku the Prophet stirrs a fever in the city
  - he seeeks to take a second crusade to the cosmodrome
  - he echoes the promises of a greater leader, that if they retake and repopulate the spire as Union, they will recieve a free trip to Earth
- the speech rouses up those who are of the working factory class, poor as is, they begin to loot the service class, small shops and what not.
- it is here that mayari gets in trouble, using ultra violence, she begins to savagely rip apart someone in the crowd of looters of a store.
- after which, she is detained by the 'police' who are the privitised guard of the city they are in.
- the top of the moon where all the water is, basically a big city resource and the defacto capital of the free moon

- mayari gets put in a penopticon gen pop jail
- there she is a misfit, she actually causes more problems than she is worth
- after trial, she is transferred to a 'special school for delinquinets'
- this school for delinquints is actually the Church of Earth, the cult like religion that is behind the whoel crusades thing, the pope who declared the crusade, Zaku, the one who declared the people's crusade, the ones who slaughtered her family.
- the school is run by Nuns of Covenant, or whatever.
  - basically, this is an Arbiter arc for Mayari.
  - She has one opportunity to save herself from sin, or she will die.
  - Her one opportunity to seek revenge is to forgive those that transgressed upon her.
- there at the school is where she meets Akali again.
- There they are made into a duo. A special team of assassain and warrior knight to serve at the whim of Earth. A chance to atone for their life of sin.
-

- requiem for a dream
- fight club
- flcl

---

---

---

- they are put into a brutal religous regimented school program run by brothers and sisters of the Church of Earth, a bastardized cult like prodestant belief that idolizes the heroes and ideals of Old America.
- Amongst hundreds of children, they are segmented into centuries of 100 children. In this group of 100, the children are trained, brain washed, and punished.
- Survival is only found through the passing of the program.
- It is only found through submisison to the teachings.
- It is thru this hell that Akali and Mayari form a pact, that they will work together to get out alive.
- However, this aligance put on trial. Akali would take actions that forces Mayari to second guess her trust.
- Mayari, losing sleep on the matter, will refuse to communicate certain feelings and thusly causes the two inevitably cause each others deaths.
- It is only thru 'confession' that the two reveal to the administrators they communicate the struggle that they have.
- In a trial by combat, the sisters stage an exhibition match in which the two will fight to the death using their chosen weapons.
- Akali grounds Mayari, and at the last second decides to spare her life.
- Disobeying the rules forfeights their lives, and the come to peace with their choice and are ready for death.
- A rival century, of other children, enters the ring to kill the two. However, Akali and Mayari are able to wipe the floor with them.
- Seen as unruly, undisciplined, yet gifted, the sisters seperate the two from the rest of their century.
- They place them into a special forces program, in which they will learn how to infiltrate the cosmodrome and dispense holiness from within the cosmos.
- However, they are not without punishment.
- Mayari and Akali gather to witness the act of 'decimation.' Where one of the children of the centurion draws a short straw.
- That child is then chosen to be the decimate, in which every member of the centurion must participate in the death of that child.
- Akali is shaken, and is unable to unsee something that is inevitably her fault.
- In a last minute attempt, Akali choses a different path that Mayari, she chooses the path of Centurion, in which she will lead the children into battle.
- Mayari attempts to reason with Akali, but to no avail. There is no choice.
- Mayari must become an 'Arbiter' on her own.

---

---

---

- time skip
- mayari regains consciousness in a position very similar to her upbringing. Everyone refers to her as 'ari' instead of May.
- She lives a very average life in the cosmodrome as a magnet fisher.
- She and her group of friends are charge of a solar-boat, a vehicle that is operated not-unlike a yacht from old earth.
- In low moon atmosphere, they use their magnet fishing lines to catch debris sent down to lower orbit by the moonboys. (space cowboys that lasso old space junk and send down to lwoer orbit to be fished around by the kids)
- She lives a typical life of ease.
- In fact, she forms a romantic relationship with the captain of the solar-boat, a young lad known as Two-strikes. Together, they aim to hit the top of the magnet fishing team.
- That way, they'll be first in line to become moonboys. A job that is a lot more dangerous, exciting, and also a lot cooler.
- Things change when one day, all work is cancelled to observe the arrest and victory parade thru the cosmodrome. There, in the center of the parade, is Zaku. The leader of the second crusade in shackles, defeated.
- Behind him are thousands of ill and dying crusaders.
- Zaku makes eye contact with Mayari, and for a second she feels an immense pain coarse thru her and blacks out.
- mayari regains consciousness very similarly to the way we meet her at the begining. The day runs as usual, until she feels that immense pain again.
- She runs to a bathroom, and lifts her shirt, there unlike, before is a massave scar running from her left shoulder down to her right waist.
- Flashbacks, a series of uknown memmories, pain, clues to a past her present fights to hide.
- flashbacks, memmories, a thousand different forms of spectres haunts her mind. Mayari doesn't know the difference between truth and fiction, what happened or what didn't.
- in desparation, she returns to drugs but finds some solace and truth in it
- when two-strikes finds out, he does not understaned.
- however, instead of stepping away, he steps into the hole with her.
- together they run the solar-boat by day, and by night they explore a psychadelic landscape of sex and debauchery.
- they question the entire aspect of the cosmos, who exactly the are the church of earth?
- in their self-indulgent drug stupor however, their responsibilities on the solar-ship become unfulfilled, relying on the younger crew to pick up their slack.
- one day, it all snaps, and the ship crashes and burns, two-strikes snaps out of the stupor easily, and tries to save the rest of his crew.
- however, mayari is nowhere to be found.
- what the kids did not realise, is what triggers Mayari's memmories, is the waning of the Earth.
- For an unknown reason, when the Earth is in full view, she transforms into the second half of herself. The Arbiter. The weapon that the Church of Earth trained her to be.
- Abandoned, stranded, and betrayed, two-strikes pledges himself to his ship, and to the Cosmos. For they borught him everything, while mayari took everything from him.
- Mayari wakes up in a memmory, but what feels like real time. This feels real. whatever it is, it feels real.
- Mayari sits beside her brother in a atmosphereic solar yacht.
- He's alive, to Mayari's relief. But all her brother can talk about is how proud of her he is, and how one day she will join him on earth. How all the pain and suffering she has felt, will one day be worth it.
- Is it at this point Mayari realizes that she is wearing some sort of fancy armor, some stealthy techno armor. Then she realises that she is in her Arbiter suit.
- Her brother gives her the task of finding and capturing Zaku of the second crusade, alive, and to bring him back to the spire.
- Thru these livid memmories, Mayri discovers that she planned the entire operation. She discovers Zaku's position in a gulag internment camp for crusaders in a lava pipe.
- She goes undercover, positions herself to become aquainted with two-strikes.
- she seduces two-strikes, and positions them as one of the greatest solar-sailors on the moon.
- she is able to convince two-strikes and his crew to raid the massive prision convoy that will transfer zaku from the cosmodrome to the gulag
- it is this pivotal moment where it zaps us back to present time, where the solar-ship is burst into flames where thematically, two-strikes is like Mayari a long time ago, and Mayari is her brother.
- Two-strieks begs her not to abndon them, not to abandon the ship.
- But in a weird strange clarity, Mayri sees her brother, in the solar-cruise, the promise of her brother, the church of earth, how all these questions and the pain and the suffering....as the Mayari the Arbiter, she smiles and tells Two-strikes to 'have faith.'
- At that moment, Mayari jumps from the solar-boat destroying it, and onto the the main prison transport vehicle that Zaku is being held in.
- She grabs Zaku and shoots a flare in the air.
- Like an angel, she flies into orbit, a glorious sight to behold.
- Even enough for poor Two-strikes to question his vow. He falls to his knees in awe.
- On the third crusade, Akali sees the bright star of Mayari as she rises to the heavens.
- But suddenly, zap, an orbital cannon from the center of Cosmos blasts her out of the sky.
- Mayri and Zaku wake in a lunar 'geo-front' a massive cave inside the moon.
- Mayri's suit is destroyed and Zaku is barely alive.
- In Mayari's mind, she is fighting the Arbiter suit. In an emotional rage she is doing everything she can to destroy the suit.
- In reality, Zaku sees Mayari in a psychic break. What looks like, fighting herself.
- Zaku cries out for help. Mayari first hears him, and moves to kill him. The Arbiter stops her.
- Mayari cries in pain, she blames Zaku as the reason for everything falling apart. The beginning of the end of her perfect life.
- But then Zaku, being a trickster, tells her, then why is it so hard to kill me?
- He asks Mayari, what is it she is fighting? Is it the teachings of the Church? Or is it herself?
- What she realises is, it isn't killing, it isn't a sin, if what she destroys does not have a soul.
- She lets the arbiter slash a mortal wound, parallel to the major wound she had across herself from before.
- As she bleeds out, she realizes, that she has been fighting herself all along and the Aribter disappears from stopping her.
- AT this point, she rips out the head and spine of Zaku, but what should be blood and brain does ooze out from his head.
- What does, is motor oil, and what looks like old PC parts. Earth technology.
- Mayari laughs, and laugh and laughs. She really doesn't know whats real anymore. Again, she passes out.

---

---

---

- The warfare is anarchronistic. Akali's legion, now 1000 warriors strong, set siege to the USSR city-state of Nikola.
-
- The bright angel's star that Mayari formed in the sky blinds the battlefield that Akali and her legion fight on.

---

---

---

- Mayari lies in in an underground geo-front, unconscious.
- A small hole at the top of the massive cave shines light upon her motionless body.
- Zaku's Spine lies dormant, but slightly twitches every now and then, like electricity corses thru it.
- A mystertious group of creatrues slowly approach Mayari.
- They are apes. They grunt and breathe all funny.
- Behind them, a large silverback gorilla grunts an order, and dissapears back into the darkness.
- The apes construct a stretcher and pull Mayari into the darkness from which they came.
- The apes travel in a convoy, much like the humans above them. However, it is dark, underground, and very constricted. Light is provided by some sort of technology that attaches to their back. An extra arm, an 'exo-arm' attaches to some of the apes' backs which then attaches to some sort of military looking vest.
- The Gorrillas, and even some of the apes, have what look like an artificial spine which is socketed into the back of their skull, then socketed into their back. Their eyes also glow a strange blue hue whenever something catches their attention.
- The ape convoy reaches a massive bridge that leads over a large canyon, below them, is a glowing and flowing river of lava, however upon closer inspection, it shows that the river itself is not flowing, but seems to have been frozen in time.
- The gates open to a large twelve lane boulevard which has been shut down by the monkey cops.
- Thousands gather as they watch the convoy travel down the boulevard.
- A cacoughony of chanting, yelling, and screaming, stirs the mind of Mayari.
- Her eyes slowly open, a blur or of stimulation, she shields her eyes from the sun and her ears as they ring. Confuison.
- But gently and silently, an ape, one with the weird armature on his back motions with his index finger to his mouth, 'shhhh', and places a breathing apparatus on her mouth.
- Mayari passes back out.
- She wakes back up in some sort of virtual constructed world.
- There she meets a weird looking monkey guy named Middle Pizzabrickovensmif.
- Pizza informs her, that he in fact, is a monke, and has awoken her in this construct to slowly introduce to her what exactly is going on.
- Within the constcut he provides a short tutorial on how to navigate, up, down, left, right.
- He has her go thru a short rewind of what exactly she remembers last.
- Pizza then informs her what exactly he is. He is that species of monke found in china. The big fluffy brown ones. I need to find the actual name of this thing.
- His species was valued for its intelligence and somewhat cutesy looking appearance. It is why, his species was the first non-human species that was introduced to the moon by the ancient humans.
- What follows, is a short introdcution to 'the bunkers' a race of intelligent apes, and their lore shit.
- Pizza reveals to Mayari that the reason she hasn't been dissected and probed is that she may be able to assist in an issue they have.
- Over some time, Pizza and Mayari are able to intergrate within society.
- The stakes are heavy here. If anything, Pizza and his civilization are just benevolent hostage takers. If she can't cooperate or convince Pizza and his society then she will be 'thrown to the depths.'
- What progresses is an arc that is summarized by three archetypes
  - a 'psychological battle arc' - Mayari must find a way to reclaim her power beyond that of a captive. She must leverage skills that she hasn't used in a very long time. The skills that she was punished for having during her time at the Church of Earth
  - a 'isekai arc' - Pizza will put Mayari through levels of a game he has created. And only when she perfectly passes each level, will she move on.
  - a 'redemption arc' - This arc involves Zaku.
- Over time, Mayri learns how to press Pizza to a point where they are on an equal footing. She discovers that she hasn't died yet because of something that Pizza does not divulge.
- Zero progress is made between Mayari and Pizza's relationship. They are at a point of high toxicity that Mayari does not even see him in the simulation anymore. She is left in this white room simuation for what feels like days.
- Until one day, Pizza brings her out of the simulation, in real life.
- There, she is prepared to perform the tests he promised that she had to perform. But instead, she must do them in front of the Grand Chamber. A massive public area where Mayari must display her progress of understanding the culture.
- Mayari fails catestrophically. Shamed in front of all, she tries to speak for herself but is denied. The grand council or whatever sentences both her and Pizza to death.
- Enough of this. As soon as guards move to seize her, she fuckin wails on em. Defeats em and then she moves to one of the grand chansillors and states that she will kill him unless they let her go.
- The chansillor laughs, he is the size of a massive silverback gorilla. He throws her to the ground, and accepts her challange of a fight to the death.
- The fight is close, but not before the silverback breaks her back and the gorilla declares victory.
- The silverback goes to grab mayari and toss him on his back, but with one last defiant move, Mayari chomps down hard on his hand.
- A look of utter bewilderment and dare say a absolute astonishment crosses the face of the gorilla as he swings his arm like a back handed slap, tearing the teeth out of Mayari's mouth.
- The simulation pauses, at the point where she is in utter pain. Her teeth frozen in mid air. Her gummies bleeding. A solitary slow clap eminates from the ground below her.
- It is Pizza. He says, 'You have taught me one thing, Mayari of the Surface Moon. You are in fact, Demon.'
- Mayari wakes up again in the white room. But this time with Pizza. She lies in a fetal position facing the wall. Pizza sits on a chair. Mayari realizes she is defeated and does not have control over her reality. Nothing she knows is real. She doesn't even know if the Pizza is real.
- For what she concludes, that this is simply purgatory. A fate worse than hell, she has betrayed God and her promise to the Church of Earth, and this is her punishment. A fate worse than death.
- Pizza feels bad, I guess, so he shows empathy by walking up to her, laying his hand on her shoulder, and forcing her to sleep.
- Mayari wakes up in the den of Pizza. His actual home. The smells, the feeling, everything is different. Pizza does this to win back her trust.
- As a gesture of good will, he tells her a secret. That there were no mirrors in the simulation. But he then presents her with one where she gets to look at herself for the first time in a while. She breaks down and shit.
- Pizza decides to try a different method. An ethonographic one. Where he actually introduces her to the culture, the reality of it, in the real.
- But in reality, it simply is a ruse to assassinate Mayari when she least expects it.
- When her back is turned, Pizza attempts to kill her, but at the last second is unable to.
- At that moment, a special forces squad of apes decloaks and subdues Mayari.
- Again, Mayari is betrayed. At this point, she is at the edge of sanity and doesn't even care at this point. She yells 'Kill me, kill me, please!' and begs for death.
- But a message pings to everyone in the room except Mayari. Something horrible has happened. The squad recloaks leaving Mayari to be free, while Pizza looks at Mayari and says 'I've failed,' and turns the gun unto himself.
- Mayari slow claps and laughs to herself as she watches him try to pull the trigger. 'This has to be real right?'
- A massive boom echos through the city. At that instant, Mayari moves for Pizza's gun, grabs it and points it to her own head and pulls the trigger.
- At that instant, the cityscape behind Mayari explodes in a cloud of distruction, somehow, that throws off Mayari's aim, and the bullet goes thru her right cheek and graises up the side of her head.
- Mayari clutches her cheek in pain. Behind her a massive robot, Eva Unit 01, emerges from the dust cloud.
- The special forces group decloacks again, but this time, they unleash all their firepower unto the Eva Unit.
- The eva unit turns its head and with a quick swipe of its hand, flattens the entire squad.
- The eva then sees Pizza and yells, 'YOU!'Pizza panics, picks up the gun and points it at the eva and fires at it. The shots simply do nothing.
- The giant robot points a finger at Pizza, 'FIX ME. FIX THIS.'
- Mayari laughs thrugh gurgaling blood. Her back is turned to the Eva. SHe doesn't even care to look. 'WHY DOES EVERYONE ELSE GET TO DIE BUT ME?'
- The eva turns its head, recognizing the voice. Inside the eva's cockpit we see an ape, a holock gibbon, with the spine of Zaku attached to the back of his head. He sees Mayari.
- Zaku screams loud, like a fucking ape. Seeing Mayari makes him go crazy. He raises the fists of the giant mech, pounds the small area where Mayari is.
- However, no damage comes to Mayari. An AT-Field, a sort of energy field forms around her, preventing any damage.
- The giant mech runs out of power freezing it in place.
- Inside, the holock gibbon, which is Zaku, pulls a tantrum, crying sobbing, yelling kill me, kill me.
- Outside Mayari watches in awe as her cheek somehow begins to repair itself. She stands and touches the AT field with curiosity.
- Mayari asks Pizza, 'Did you do this?'
- Pizza shakes his head, 'This isn't my game.'

---

---

---

# THE MONKEY BALL ARC

- We cut to Mayari just fukcing around on the surface of the moon, rollig around in her AT-field now called her 'zorb'
- She effectively is enjoying her time with it, and also testing the zorb's capabilities
- She can turn it on and off again at will, but sometimes it ends up turning on itself without her eve knowing. Hmm. Interesting
- At this point she is masquerading around enjoying a freedom she hasn't felt before.
- Along her travels she traverses the surface of the moon. Going to several cities, towns, districts, meeting several types of people, eating a lot of food, even endulging in the sort of debauchary she had before, but with a little bit of class and subtlety.
- one of these occasions she finds herself at the boarder between the dark moon and the light moon with a lover of hers, her lover seems to be infinately curious about the whole concept of darkness and wonders why anyone would be so afraid of it.
- Mayari seems quite during this exchange, something kind of erks her about that type of question. It seems af this someone hasn't ever felt pain before.
- Another time, they are traveling in some sort of public transportation situation where homeless children are banging against the window asking for money or food. Mayari is sympathetic to theses kids. At a street food district she gets a little extra food and attempts to hand it to on one of the children, but her lover stops her. Says to her, 'you feed one you feed all of them, I'll take it though,'
- Mayari finds herself in the club with her lover, clearly on a bunch of drugs. Amongst love and many women, she is apethetic though. Where once she was infatuatuated with the pursuit of ecstasy, she finds herself bored of it. She watches as a man and her lover become infatuated with each other, apathetic she lets her lover go with him.
- She sits atop the roof of a burgeoning city smoking a cigarette, halfway through she looks at it, takes one last hit and flicks it away.
- Mayari takes a zero-grav rickshaw to her old home. Where what used to be a single homestead now is a village of moon silt harvesters.
- She hands her rickshaw driver fist full of moon coins, the pack of cigaretes, a lighter, and a flask of moon whiskey. The zero-grav rickshaw driver smiles a big one, toasts to Mayari and takes a big glug of the stuff as he pedals away
- The children of the settlement surround her like she's some sort of crazy woman of the outside.
- The adults are more curious, and a bit more cautious until Mayari shows them a picture of her home and her family. They relent and welcome her.
- One of the older women takes her to her home, they eat some really interesting stuff. But Mayari finds herself a bit more impatient. The woman sees this and brings her into an old fenced off area behind her house.
- Its the old wreckage of her old homestead. It seems so much smaller than what it used to be.
- Mayari crafts something out of the wreckage, into an old symobol of meaning that she learned from the apes.
- An alarm rings thru the village. Everyone starts panicing, buttoning up the village, and shut the front gate.
- A large group, around a thousand, crusaders stand outside on the hill.
- The villagers are worried, there are double the amount there were last time, regardless they send out a man who drew the short straw, and his wife soon follows, plus the rest of his family, choosing not to abandon him.
- Mayari, ever to be the polite guest, oblidges to hide with the other villagers in the village.
- From atop a parapit, Mayari watches as the family approach the leader, a knight by the name of Pisstopher. The man takes a look at the goods, throws a fit, and slaps the village man.
- In a rage the knight slays the husband, while the wife is taken by other men. The children manage to run towards the village, but there is no hope, as several mounted crusaders chase after them.
- Mayari has had enough, and she jumps the parapit towads the children, and is able to stop the projectiles form hitting them just in time.
- In her mind, Mayari still struggles with publicly displaying her new power. This is a moment in which this dilemma reaches its peak. She must act.
- Mayari, walks towards the mounted crusaders, holding up the shield, blocking every projectile and disabling them.
- Mayari walks directly up to the line of crusaders and demands a parle with the leader.
- Mayari lays the stakes down, she tells Pisstopher, that she wishes to duel for the rights of the village, and all the villages in this sector. If she fails, they have full reign to rape and pillage what they want. In the eyes of the Church of Earth, they will still be reborn on earth.
- Pisstopher laughs, and asks, 'who do you think you are, to have the right to envoke the church?'
- Mayari then states the improbable, 'your Aribiter.'
- A murmer through the crowd. Impossible. The arbiter was dead. Slayn by a mighty earth defense laser on her own ascent to Earth. Selfish, she chose to take the spine of Zaku to the ancient ones. She was a heretic.
- She lays back at them, who are they to slay innocent and call her heretic, in the eyes of the Arbiter, she damns them to an eterninty on the moon.
- Pisstopher is unprovoked, and decides, 'then I shall slay an arbiter today. And this crusade will be the most judicious of all!'
- Pisstopher unmounts his space-saddle, and dawns a mech suit. 'Let us make famous this pisshole'
- Pisstopher unloads a shit ton of fire upon Mayari, a shit ton of dust rises.
- In its midst, Mayari still stands.
- Pisstopher, 'no.' NO!
- Pisstopher unloads his entire aresneal in an alpha strike, this time, out of the dust, shots seem to just bounce off of the dust, riccocheting back at Pisstopher, some hitting the men behind him, and others striking the palasade of the village.
- Pisstopher, KILL HER!
- the front line of the crusaders charge Mayari with melee weapons, kicking up more dust.
- This fight, she slays all of them, and tosses a spear straight thru the mech, killing Pisstopher.
- The woman comes running out of the stunned soldiers, she kneels at the foot of her dead husband, and thanks Mayari, calling her a Saint.
- The children run form the village and approach the mother and embrace.
- The crusaders all silmotaneuously genuflect, taking a knee, and chant, 'Saint! saint! saint!'
- Mayari has performed her first miracle. Unbeknownkst to her, she has begun a quest to turn 'messiah'

## THE NEW MESSIAH ARC

- Time skip
- A scene we have seen time and time again. A group of crusaders apporach a tiny town. One thing is different though, the flags. The massive flags which usually sport the blue logo of the Church of Earth now sport an unusual symbol "xtx" as if a crucifics has fallen, risen, and fallen again.
- It is the symbol of Mayari's Crusade.
- In fear the leaders of the town approach them with little food, their food processors are old and have not been working. The town has been suffering from famine, and there are only a few hundred of them left. Plus a sickness has befallen them.
- Three knights stand before them, unbothered by their plight. 'Useless. We have hungry soldiers, but have no energy to punch down the weak. We move on.'
- One of them, a mother, clings to the knight's robes, 'please, please, help. if you are not the church of earth surely you must know mercy in your beliefs. my child, my baby, she suffers from God's taint.'
- uh. wat. Curious, Mayari, hidden as one of the knights, takes off her helm, and with eyes if kindess tells the woman, 'show me.'
- The mother tkaes Mayari into the town along with a doctor. It seems out of a warzone. People are dying or dead strewn across the streets. Life on the frontier is tough as it is, let alone the threat of crusaders.
- The mother walks them into a hostel group housing type complex, everyone in the room that is alive, genuflects and does the 'sign of the cross' as mayari enters.
- The mother shows Mayari the child, flush in swaddling, the child is sickly, covered in what seems like glowing intergrated circuts interfacng with its veins. One of the knights pushes Mayari back, and draws his sword.
- 'The beast! Your child is of the underworld! Lured us in, burn this town!'
- Mayari shoves him to the side, 'shut up you fucking retard. Doc, have you seen this before?'
- Doctor 'It is what he says. The child is marked.'
- Mayari, 'fools. I have seen this. When I woke up with the monkes. They created this.' To the mother, 'Your dust fields are dry what seems like for ages. Why have you not moved?'
- The mother says, 'This land has been ours for generations. Our elders wanted to stay. Instead we dug into the crater, searched for rare elementals.'
- Mayari says, 'theres our answer. This plague, your town, the economics, stems from the desparation of your elders. Below us is a race of man that seeks our destruction. You made contact and they have poisoned your town. Marked it for extinction.'
- The people in the room stir, 'the messiah damns us! we are to rot in hell!'
- The second knight, the one Mayari knocked to the ground, Steve, puts himself together and asks, 'messiah, despite my ignorance, you must see the danger here. You know my position what is your order?'
- Mayari looks at the doctor, he shakes his head. The third knight, silent all along, with her helm still on is one called, Fortune. Mayari turns to her in silence, and waits for her answer.
- Fortune utters, 'These people are innocent. Like many on the lunar frontier they trusted those before them. The Church of Earth says nothing of compassion. But the old texts...its rife.'
- Steve says, 'bullshit' and walks out the room'
- Mayari says, 'then so be it.'
- Mayari to steve, 'Steve'
- Steve, 'messiah..'
- Mayari, 'I keep you close for your council. By me you live and will die. You took this oath. You chose this path over all else. Over the Church. Over your life.'
- Steve, 'yes, Messiah. But disrespect...'
- Mayari, 'with your actions you disrispect yourself.'
- Steve genuflects, 'your oders, messiah.'
- Mayari turns to look at all the people in the hostel. She has found herself in a dillema, she walks out into the street to clear her head.
- Fortune follows, 'Mayari.'
- Mayari, 'Fortune, prepare the legion for uptake of civilians. Half the rations, double time to the next settlement...and Fortune, make it right this time.'
- Fortune, 'Aye, Messiah.'
- Steve stumbles out of the hostel. Mayari turns to him, 'They have a choice. They can join us. But they must bring value. Fight, Cook, Salvage, or Supplies. They our crusade'
- Steve, 'or...'
- Mayari, 'or they burn. Steve, the baby stays, and anyone with the mark.'
- Steve, 'aye Messiah.'
- Steve and several soldiers escort around 100 men, women, and children towards the crusaders. Inside the hostel, the mother remains with her child, shedding a tear, never to abandon it.'
- As the refugees fall into the convoy, Fortune brings forward a battery of artillery to burn the town.
- Three aritllery soldiers approach a large open mining area that has dug well deep into the crust of the moon. Below, it descends into darkness.
- One of the soldiers nods to the other. All three arm grenades jump and launch them into the darkness.
- Below, the grenades clink into the darkness until, three large laser beams shoot upwards into space.
- A curious 'spined' monke walks over to the mines, picks one up and points it at his eyes and screams. Other monkes walk over, they study the grenades and suddenly understand whats happening and scream for others to retreat.
- Fortune looks thru binoculars and watches the three soldiers clear the area and nods to the captain of the artillery.
- The captain yells a complicated set of instructons over his radio, and the meticulous preparation of the artillery commences and fires. A massive explosion of dust and napalm collapse the mine and englufs the settlement in flame.
- Fortune approaches Mayari on her zero horse and hands her their next target.
- Mayari, 'Telusi, the capital of this sector.'
- Fortune, 'two days double time. At 0300 we pass the twin harvest towns of Ranger-34 and 43. I and steve will take the terms. Those that accept we shall uptake.'
- Mayari, 'sustinance?"
- Fortune, 'scouts have confirmed orbital contact. most likely sustinance cargo. It should hold us till Telusi.'
- Mayari, 'make it so.'
- Fortune, 'and you, Mayari, have had sustinance?'
- Mayari, 'demons don't eat. only for pleasure.'
-

## THE LIBERATION OF TELUSI

- Mayari meets with the trade council of Telusi. They discuss accomodations and logistics of the garrisoning of the city.
- Steve suggests garrioning the troops over by the dockyard to give more manpower to solve the jammed up cargo yacht blocking the processing of the trade network in the area.
- Fortune will assist the policedr with her legion to quell the the spreading rebellion amongst the unionized stevedors and prevent it from spreading to other sectors of the city.
- Mayari then states that she will take her templars, her own elite special forces warriors and raid the headquarters of the rebellion.
- It is known that the Church of Earth has some sort of tie to the rebellion, perhaps they are leading it themselves, the goal is to capture their leader to see justice and eliminate all resistance on the way.
- The trade council are extremely grateful and agree to the terms of putting a seat on the council for Mayari.
- Dust falls from the ceiling of the small cramped room they're in.
- A guard of Telusi comes in and warns the council that they must move at once, the riot has gone beyond the containment zone.
- The trade council take a final vote. All but one raises their hand in agreement. All eyes fall on the hold out.
- Hoss, 'For two centuries this council, this city, has known peace and prosperity at with the leadership of this trade council. It seems that peace has come to an end. I only pray that those responsible the ones standing here understand the blood about to be shed stains the souls of all here. Earth has forsaken us in lieu of a spectre but God seems to have hope in our salvation. I will vote for unanimity but not without disdain.'
- A door breaks down at the far end of a long corridor. A chanting mob overruns guards trying to block them.
- Mayari, her entourage, the council and their guards run down the cavernous maze of undeground sewers of Telusi.
- They recover the families, wives, women, children, their party just became bigger as well as the risk.
- The group reaches a massive, deep, lava tube that ends with the similar frozen lava seen in the lairs of the monke
- One of the trade councilmen, Cockface exclaims, 'where is the shuttle? Damn you Hoss! You've fucked us! You were always a pig who oinks but stil shits--'
- Suddenly, Hoss whips out a dagger and stabs Cockface in the chest. His guards, before they could react, do the same to Cockface's men.
- The eight other councilmen stab Cockface in the chest as well, as Cockface's children and spouce wail in protest.
- Hoss, 'your line ends in darkness, your life lead in shame.'
- Hoss and the council toss him to the frozen lava pit. His body shatters against that shit, then slowly is englufled in flame. Soon after, the guards toss the rest of Cockface's family, including mother with child, young children, after him.
- Mayari is shook, flashbacks of her beginnings hit her like a train.
- She feels her AT field comin on, but Fortune grabs her hand, and shakes her head, no.
- Hoss and the councilmen raise their hands and shoot the flares into the air.
- A shuttle slowly enters the lava tube just as the massive armed mob begins firing projectiles at them in the sewer.
- The shuttle loads up, but it is too heavy. Mayari volunteers to stay, but Fortune and Steve push her onto the shuttle.
- Just as Mayari goes to leave, Fortune grabs her by the collar and says, 'Trust us, Messiah. Just as you returned, so shall we.' Fortune shuts the door behind her and the shuttle lifts off.
- What happens next, is a cinematic fight of Fortune and Steve fighting off a shit ton of rioters. Bloody and all. Its awesome. Until they emerge victorious.
-

## SERVICE FOR YOUR SERVICE

- The scene opens with Mayari cleaning off the blood and grime off of herself.
- She meticulously cleans even in the most miniscule of areas, the process taking much more time than average. Cleanliness is something that was drilled into her head while at the Church of Earth Convent, her training, her discipline.
- Next, she takes the same meticulous attitude and performs a full hygenic mantienence regimen using only manual tools and a small mirror. Plucking her eyebrows, shaving her legs,and bleaching her asshole.
- Naked, she observes herself in the mirror, classically posing in the methods that bodybuilders do to show off certain muscle groups. She notices that some of her muscles could use some work and notes them down.
- Still naked, she dawns workout shoes and socks and nothing else. Reverting to her old training methods down to the tee here. It seems that the trauma from the last event has forced her to revert to discipline.
- She first starts with freeweights in the gym, starting with the bar with squats, then methodically raising the weight till its 2x that of a normal weightlifter of her size on earth. Shen proceeds to several other freeweight techniques such as shoulder presses, bench, rows, and deadlift. All of which she has perfect form.
- Flashbacks to the moment Fortune grabbed her by the collar. Mayari uses freeweights to isolate specifcally her right forearm muscles and her wrist. Next she does her shoulders. Then using calesthenics she isolates her core. Her mind plays back the moment again. This time, Mayari grabs Fortune's and flips her into the dropship.
- In Mayari's imagination, Fortune then grapples onto her back and Steve charges in to do damage. He punches her, boxing style, hard in the liver, the stomach, and the head. In real life - she uses this as inspiraiton for her next routine. She gets onto an open floor and performs stretches that mobilize her joints and agility.
- In her imagination, we see her perform some incredible moves to disable both Fortune and Steve and placing them into the dropship. As the dropship leaves, she now faces the riotous armed horde approaching, at that moment, her AT-field glows.
- Her guards protect the entrance and prevent anyone from entering the room. However, several of Mayari's guard proceed to enter as well. They, of course, remove all of their clothing, vulnerable, amongst the messiah.
- Several of them line of for Mayari to inspect their hygeine. They're impeccable. The final inspection requires **them to bend over forward and spread their asscheeks to expose their anus**. E**ach of them wears an insertable butt plug which has the logo of the messiah between the cheeks.** **Mayari** plewps the plug out and **inspects each of their gaping anuses**. S**he lubes up her hand and proceeds to see how much she can insert in each of the soldiers**. On several, **she is able to full fist down and make each of them orgasm**. As they do, they say, 'by the old ones of Earth, I thank Messiah, Amen.' **Others, are unable to fit her fist in. IN that case, Mayari proceeds to upgrade them to larger plugs**. Afterwich they redress, and march out the room.

## STEVE & FORTUNE RETURN

- Steve & Fortune emerge from the tunnels, bloodied, and embrace. Their victory was well won. Appraoching them, their legion to secure the area.
- They sit together in a large mess hall type tent, along with their legion. They retell their amazing adventure to their kin amonghst cheers and laughter. One thing they make sure to drive home, is that they would not have made it if it wasn't for each other and their faith in Mayari.
- One of thier kin asks about the rumors of Councilman Cockface. Rumors of a schism, of a takeover of the council. Cold blooded murder of not just him but of their family. Fortune looks at Steve, and he nods back to show he's there to back her up whatever she has to say.
- Fortune says that the politics and of the Telusi is not of the concern of the faithful. 'Our faith, our rightchousness are what guides our actions. We cannot say the same for others nor shall we. Through our virtue they will come to join our holy crusade and we shall be reborn on Earth.'
- The kin say, 'Even if you murder a child? A pregnant woman? A whole family?'
- Before Fortune can reply, a commotion at the entrance of the mess hall grabs the attention of Steve & Fortune. Their kin stands to defend them as a group of heavily armed men barge thru the hall.
- They look different. They're the Telusi Secret Service. Steve & Fortune tell their men to stand down. From the group emerges Detective Dookie the Prime Investigator of the Telusi Enforcement Agency. They came to their camp to ask if Steve & Fortune could come by the station to make a statement. As a formality. Paperwork and all.
- Steve outright says thank you but no thanks, but Fortune agrees and they follow.
- On the ride to the station Steve is silent, disapproving of the whole idea. Fortune explains that this decision is best for the whole crusdade, Mayari, and the legion. It is in their best interst that they get along with the locals especially if they are to police them in the end.
- Steve understands, but he makes a point that they haven't had any rest. Now they're about to launch on another who whats it. He states that there's a certain point that their effectiveness in their duty declines due to their lack of self care.
- Fortune then grips his hands and says, look, as long as we're together, we can do anything. Its what the messiah said and its what she would want. Its the reason she trusts us with the crusade. Now is the time for us to show unity just as they did in the tunnels.
- Steve wonders why she hasn't summoned them.
- Fortune sighs.
- Dookie seperates Steve and Fortune into two rooms. Each room is dark with a light shining into their eyes. This isn't making a statement. Its an interrogation.
- Dookie apologizes for the theatrics he, again, says its all a formality. This is the way they do things in Telusi. He asks each of them to go over the events of what happened.
- Before each of them can get too far about explaining what happend, Dookie cuts them off and directly asks about Councilman Cockface. What happend to them? Why were they not on the shuttle.
- In each of their interrogations, they both fall silent.
- 'I heard he fell,' Dookie feeds them a lie. 'I heard Councilman Cockface tripped and fell down the lavatube.'
- Silence.
- 'I heard, from the other whitnesses, that the pilot had adjust his positon in a manner that was sudden, forcing the councilman to fall as well as his family who were in the dropship and not properly secured, lost their balance and fell as well.'
- Both Steve and Fortune rack their brains. How do they answer? Their faith fights for rightcheousness. But for that faith to survive, they need to partner with the Telusi. And to parterner with the Telusi, they must give up on their virtue, to lie about a heinous crime.
- Somehow, both Steve and Fortune reply with the same answer, They were too concerned with protecting Mayari. That, and the approaching violent mob.
- This time, Dookie is silent.
- He retorts, 'I heard, from other witnesses, that the mob was not in fact a violent mob, but simply several hundred unarmed citizens unhappy with the state of governace.'
- Steve balls up his fist and nearly launches out of his chair. Fortune raises her hand, as if to stop him.
- 'I also heard, that the mob was heavily armed. That their was a firefight. A last stand of sorts. That two knights of the Mayarian Crusade sacrificed their lives to protect the councilman, that they, in no way, could have helped Councilman Cockface and his family. Their hands were full.'
- Silence. Both Steve and Fortune look at the ground in contemplation. Then, at once, they look directly at the spotlight as if to answer.

## SHAME & PUNISHMENT

- Its a bit of time after the interrogation. Both Steve and Fortune ride back to camp in a private transport.
- Together they are both still worried about the actions they took at the interrogation.
- Steve tries to mend the emotional situation by saying 'as long as we're together we'll be alright.'
- Fortune, however, replies with 'as long as we have Mayari in our actions then we will have done the right thing.
- The transport is halted and one of their soldiers informs both of them they have been redirected from camp to Mayari's quarters with the Telusi. Both are excited.
- When they arrive, both Fortune and Steve are informed that Mayari wishes to speak to both of them seperately.
- Steve is chosen to go first. Steve is escorted to an outdoor training area where Mayari is in her training gear, basically naked. Steve has never seen her like this and seems embarassed.
- Mayari shames him for thinking such wretched thoughts of his messiah. Does he forget her history? How she trained amongst them, how she has gone thorugh all that which he has and more.
- Mayari tells Steve to spar with her. To remove his clothes and be ready to fight. Mayari tells him to prove his worth to her, prove that she needs a protector like him.
- The two spar and fight, over and over again Mayari beats him. Next, she throws him a sword, but she does not dawn one. SHe gives him the advantage. Again, he loses.
- She then hands him a gun. He hesitates, and she disarms him quicly and thrusts him into the corner.
- Steve, 'What...what did we do wrong? We did everything you asked...'
- Mayari, 'We?'
- Fortune is called up to the platform. She reacts markedly different than Steve.
- Steve tries to warn Fortune but she ignores him. She bends a knee and asks Mayari what service can she provide for her?
- Mayari does the same to Fortune as she did to Steve. Beat her in combat, even when Fortune had a weapon.
- However, when Steve struggled to pull the trigger, Fortune pulled without hesitation. What Fortune did not expect, however, is how fast Mayari would move.
- Mayari grabs her by the neck and holds her up high, 'this one is all faith and strength and has her mind concluded' Mayari drops her to the ground
- Mayari grabs Steve by the neck and drags him over next to Fortune, 'this one is all mind and metal but his mind is deluded.' and drops him next to Fortune.
- 'Separate they are weak. They are lost. Together they are strong but stupid.'
- Mayari commands them to attack again. This is their last chance to beat Mayari and prove themselves, but like before, they fail.
- 'Both are nothing. Nothing. I did not have you stand by my side for protection.'
- 'I made you Steve, for your mind. For your intelligence and for your presence.' 'I made you Fortune for your strength and your leadership.'
- 'I do not need your protection. So why did you protect me in the tunnels? Sacrifice? Glory? You are more than soldiers and are worth more than to be lost to such trivial muses. You will die when I say. I will die when I say.'
- 'Never again, will you make me look weak, make me look feeble, you will project strength and respect for me as I do you.'
- They both reply with, 'yes, messiah.'
- Mayari walks out of the room and informs them to clean up and get dressed, they have a busy day ahead of them.
- Mayari walks out while several aids walk in with two racks of clothing for the two. They are the new Class A Dress uniforms that Mayari had tailored.
- In stark contrast to what just happened, Steve and Fortune stand at attention in a large cathedral like area provided by the Telsui. There, thousands are watching, Telusi and those of Mayarikin.
- Its an award ceremony where both Mayari and the Telusi pin medals of heroism on both for their selfless actions in the tunnels.
- In an elevator, both Steve and Fortune are riding it down, looking at the magnificent crowd before them. Makeup heavy, blood still bleeds from their mouth and noses. In a sly movement of solidarity, without looking, Fortune reaches her hand out to hold Steve's. He offers his, and they lace fingers, knowing that maybe, that in this big mess of things, each other are probably the only ones they have.

## IN LEAGUE WITH THE TELUSI

- Mayari briefs the council on goals and the plan to retake control of the city.
- The strategy is a two front approach that will leverage their training and technology against the numbers of the riot.
- Steve and the Council Guard will work with Telusi law enforcement to contain the spread of the riot and damage to the city.
- Steve speaks up and notes that several prison camps will be constructed outside the city to detain all guilty parties. Lethality and rationing will be used to maintain the populace. Only behavior that is rightchous and just according to the code of Mayari will be reinforced with reward.
- Fortune steps up and speaks, From the air, Fortune and Detective Dookie will be observing mob behavior in attempt to point out any anomalies such as individuals in leadership roles or points of interest used as observation points or communication relays.
- Steve and Fortune will then coordinate their efforts to apprehend critical suspects and keep them under solitary confinement to which they will divulge information that will lead us to the location of Dragoon Cosmos Lunar Knight of the 3rd Crusade.
- A shimmer of light flickers in the rafters of the Council chambers, something is watching but no one notices.
- Mayari steps up, finally, with the riot disassembled, and the primary violent perpetrators are detained, that removes the two main force multipliers of the opposing force. Dagoon Cosmos will either be forced to flee, in which I and my guard, will pursue and detain, or thru our intelligence efforts, we will systematically apprehend crucial members of leadership.
- One of the councilmen speak up stating that 'dead or alive' when it comes to vips and in terms of rules of engagement, they are open.
- Mayari speaks up, with all due respect, sir, we are here in the interest of peace and not to spark up generations of a vengeful insurgency. At the end of such matters, Mayari states that as a future councilwoman, that they understand her perogative.
- At the end, the councilmen take a vote, and it is unanimous. Operation Balatro is a go.
- What occurs next is a series of events that detail the trials and tribulations of taking back the city.
- Steve and his men are not taken very seriously by the police and thus the first missions of the operation result in multiple casualties.
- Steve and the Chief of Police are at odds in their methods.
- Steve lets the Chief do things his way, violently, but what occurs is the police being overwhelmed and nearly massacred.
- Steve then takes his men, and using methods of riot control, are able to easily clear a street and take prisoners with no casualties.
- At that moment, the Chief relents, and the police begin training with Steve and his men. And miraculously, the riots are quikly quelled.
- Above, in the air above the city, Fortune, Detective Dookie, and his men are in an observation yacht. Inside, electronics are beeping and cameras are whirring.
- Detective Dookie alerts Fortune that they found several people in some sort of uniform leading a flanking manuvre of rioters for the police. Without a second thought, Fortune and her men leap from the yacht towrads the fray.
- In a cloud of disorienting smoke, Fortune and her men take down the insurgency members and arrest them.
- Steve observes the operation of the prison camps. People are filing in steadily and things to be smoothly operating. However, one of the policemen alert Steve to a group of people selling goods in the middle of the square. Steve nods as if to approve of the police's plan.
- Steve watches as a squad of police roll up on the illegal vendors. The vendors see them coming, and are able to make a getaway while the police are mobbed by the people.
- Steve must go in with his men to rescue the police.
- Afterwards, Steve and Fortune interview the police men, while Dookie and the Police Chief watch from thru a one way mirror. They turn to each other and shake their head. Steve and Fortune look at the mirror and it seems as if they know exactly what the two are thinking. There are spies within the police.
- Steve and a group of police men, wearing different uniforms than they were before, approach an entrance to the prison camp. At first, the men operating the entrance checkpoint look confused, but in the end, they realise whats happening. The new policemen brutally beat the traitors working for the insurgency and replace them at the entrance. Steve does nothing, simply observes and walks away.
- A high ranking police officer, a captain, frantically stumbles down an alleyway towards his home. He tears off his uniform and puts it in a dumpster. He looks up and sees the observation yacht. He's gotta be careful. THey're looking for him.
- The officer, Ethan, ducks down another alleyway and reaches under a sewer grating where underneath is taped what looks like a key.
- Ethan cleans up what he can, smoothing his hair and whatnot, and enters into a very prestigous looking bank.
- Inside, security requires him to scan his hand. He does so and enters the bank. Cameras are watching him, security is watching him, he only has so much time till something trips.
- Ethan hands the key to the front receptionist and disappears into the bank for a meoment. Ethan looks behind him and cringes as he sees two police officers enter the bank. Ethan tries to cower, but clearly, they're looking for him. The two start talking to the security officers and all four pairs of eyes look at Ethan.
- Just in that moment, the front desk lady comes back and asks him to follow her.
- In some sort of miraculous turn of events, Ethan watches the cops leave.
- The front desk lady brings him past the massive vault where there are thousands of safety deposit boxes, into a privagte room. Inside she wheels in a safety deposit box and places it on the desk for Ethan and returns the key. She nods politely and leaves.
- Ethan hastily opens up the safety deposit box. Inside, three pasports, one from the Soviet, the Church of Earth, and Telusi, currencies of all types, and most importantly, a gun.
- Ethan takes his duffelbag and stuffs everything into the bag as quick as he can. Except for the gun. He even takes off his duty pistol and places it into the deposit box before leaving.
- Ethan, a lot calmer, walks towards home. He watches the observation yacht slowly move away from the city. Did he get away?
- Ethan approaches the door to his home and goes to open it. He stops and waits. He could just leave. If he just left right now, he could get away scot free. The voice of his wife passes thru the door, calling his kids to dinner. He can't he can't leave.
- Ethan opens the door with a 'honey?' as he turns around however he is greeted with a terrible sight.
- The Police Chief sits at the table with Ethan's family. The police chief asks Ethan to please sit. Ethan does so cautiously. The police chief asks Ethan, 'Ethan, do you know what we do to traitors in Telusi?'
- Ethan suddenly jumps for the Chief but not before a snipershot pierces thru the habitat wall and into Ethan's chest. Suddenly the room explosively decompresses throwing debris everywhere. Ethan's wife and two children grasp at their necks as the vaccum of space kills them slowly. The Chief, nonshelantly, dawns his respirator as he still sits in the chair.
- The chief sits stoicly watching Ethan's body slowly drift away. He speaks to himself, 'For 300 years this city knew peace. The 3rd civilization. Out from the dust my anscestors built a palace of gold. But I guess there's an end to everything. Greed is the end to greatness not for wealth but for power.'

## THE DOCKS

- Two leaders of the insurgency are put into an interrogation room seperately.
- The scene plays out similarly to how Steve and Fortune were interrogated.
- However, unlike the strong faith that Steve and Fortune have for Mayari, these two folded. Each reveal the location of the headquarters of the insurgency and where the leadership is located. Both their testimonies corroborate one anothers.
- The entire leadership group gather in front of the web like visual board of the investigation. Mayari is unsure, she asks Fortune to double check and triple check. If they go in and they're wrong, they'll have to answer to the council.
- Fortune goes on a deep survailence mission with Dookie. They sit and observe from their steakout nest atop a large crane. The cargo yacht is located at the orbital port yards, the main traiding district created to handle mass cargo shipments between the three major habitats on the moon.
- Below them on the gorund is still an active riot area. The insurgency still control the dock areas. At the edge of the yards, Steve and the police hold a boarder that spans the length of the yards.
- Dookie and Fortune have become comerads. Dookie has come to respect Fortune but Fortune has not let sentimentality get to her. Regardless, in the lull of the moment, Dookie asks Fortune 'I don't get it. Why doesn't Mayari just take the city?'
- Fortune 'The way you think of betrayal is the way we think of virtue.'
- Dookie, 'virtue?'
- Fortune, 'We have a code.'
- Dookie, 'What is it?'
- Fortune does not reply, she continues to observe the container ship.
- Dookie, 'A secret one then. Its that or she's winging it. To be honest, I'd put money that she is. I mean, boom bap like a lighting strike Mayari out of nowhere. The Church I get, been here since the beginning, Soviets, sure, you aren't given a choice, been here even longer. But Mayari? Doesn't make any sense. I mean, you're a smartass like me you can't tell me I'm wrong...'
- Fortune, 'Why do you lie?'
- Dookie, 'We all lie. You lie.'
- Fortune, 'Yes, but as a police officer, you enforce the law.'
- Dookie, 'yes...'
- Fortune, 'which means that the law is a code. Above all else, the law rules.'
- Dookie, 'ok I see...'
- Fortune, 'You knew something. Just...even giving you the doubt, you knew something happened down in the tubes, you knew all those people didn't just...fall.'
- Dookie, 'Did I? Either way you and Steve cooberated on a story...'
- Fortune, 'Bullshit. All you Telusi, all you banter about is loyalty, loyalty, duty, and yet you, the chief of the secret police...you speak like no one can hear you. Those words, 'why doens't Mayari just take the city....' that's treason. Steve and I were under durress. You threatened us, our leader, our cause, and so I said what I did.'
- Dookie, 'Fortune, dear, once Mayari is on the council and your holy army garrisons in Telusi walls, you will learn quickly that living in stillness is far apart different than that in motion. You may not like me, but I guarntee, if your crusade is to continue, you will need me.'
- Fortune sees movement on the container yacht, a man knocks on one of the containers, a hole opens up at the bottom, and the man slides in a large box of food.
- Dookie examines a picture of a receipt he has, the order matches that of the dietary restrictions of Dragoon Cosmos. However, its not enough to go with. They somehow need positive identification of the Dragoon.
- FOrtune explains that the dragoon will not expose himself. This is the most that they can get, if he's not there, then its someone who can take us.
- Dookie asks, 'and what if we fail?'
- Fortune, 'then we take the city.'

## OP FOR

- A massive comet storm brews out by the docks
- The storm forces everyone to shelter, including the rioters.
- This is the perfect time for Mayari and her team to infiltrate and take down the leader
- The vibe of this operation is very similar to the takedown of Osama Bin Laden or a quick game of Rainbow Six Seige.
- Mayari's team uses tiny drones to infiltrate the cargo yacht. It is massive and it looks like the Dragoon knows that they are coming.
- The team will have to use stealth to a certian degree, but somewhere down the line they will have to go loud and punch thru all the defenses.
- Externally, Mayari's team is able to identify several escape pods and triggers them to detonate if used.
- Externally, all guard posts are elimated using sniper shots from Fortune's team.
- Steve's team disables all external electicity and power provided by the docks.
- Inside, the captains, mini-bosses, enable several auxilary generators around the ship enabaling all electronics used for survaillance and weaponry.
- Mayari and her team of about 12 rangers silently descend upon the cargo yacht.
- Mayari states their objectives:
  - the goal is to disable each auxillary power unit (5) and obtain each of their keys enabaling their access to the bridge the mostlikely place where the dragoon is.
- The episode continues, Mayari and her team systematically take down each power unit and mini-boss but not without losses.
- Halfway thru the 3rd auxillary power unit, the cargo yacht powers up and begins to ascend into orbit. All support from the moon ground is now impossible.
- Mayari orders all injured team members to descend to the surface.
- On a last minute decision, Mayari calls up Steve and Fortune for the final push.
- The final push to the bridge structure is not like before, it is quiet and dark. Several bosses show up, all three of them fight together flawlessly and destroy each of the bosses very easily.
- The yacht rises even higher into orbit, the pressuraized interior of the bridge is blasted oepn when Mayari tosses one of the bosses thru the glass.
- Fortune checks one of the control panels, its set to unrestricted climb meaning that they will continue to ascend until they are out of reach of the moon's gravity
- Fortune tries to access the control panel but she's unable to. They have to get the dragoon. now.
- Mayari gets tackled by a zero-g dragoon. He came flying from the other room. He and Mayari fly into an escape pod.
- No! Yells steve.
- Suddenly, from the invisible, a shimmering figure. Kicks both Mayari and the dragoon out of the escape pod. For the first time, the figure reveals itself, its Thane Krios. An assassin from the dark side of the moon.
- The subsequet fight, Thane fights off Steve, Fortune, and the Dragoon, disabaling Steve and Fortune, but killing the Dragoon.
- Mayari goes to fight Thane, its an even match. Suddenly Thane says, 'peace and we live. Fight and we all die.'
- Thane pushes off Mayari and disables the unrestricted climb leaving the cargo yacht floating at a peacefull orbit.
- Fortune screams, 'Mayari!'
- But Mayari doesn't hear her, everything of what just happeneds melts from her mind, as the view of the moon, one small grey circle, a view she nor anyone in that ship has ever seen.
- They all go to the edge of the bridge and watch its majesty.
- 'Thats it, everything we've ever known, and ever lived.'

## YIN YANG

- Steve and his soldiers begin to lower the containers off of the yacht, bringing them down to the Telusi, and distributing them amongst the rebels.
- Fortune stands in the control tower of the docks, and watches several trade yachts dock. Re-opening the port.
- Mayari makes her way to the makeshift brig area of the Dragoon's container yacht. There, is Thane.
- Thane reveals that he was an assassin hired by Akali. But over the time he has observed Mayari, he has been intrigued by her and her ideology.
- Thru Akali, she has promised to provide revenge on his family, those who sold him to the Fenrir for their freedom.
- However, thru the long periods of stalking Mayari, Thane has seen a new philosophy of the messiah.
- THane explains that Akali is a conquerer, a crusader, one who seeks weakness and finds peace in destroying it. In the midst of overwhelming stimulation, Akali seems to be at peace.
- Mayari is reminded of her days with Akali in the red tubes of the Church. How sex and drugs seemed to fuel a numb pleasure that could last for eons.
- Thane explains, however, he sees Mayari's method. Mayari is a warrior, philospher, an academic.
- Mayari laguhs so hard she shits herself.
- Thane counters with a question, 'why do you risk your life of yourself, of your men, to board this container yacht?'
- Mayari answers simply with a, 'to capture the bozo you split in half.'
- Thane, 'why?'
- Mayari, 'because he was the leader of a rebellion. he was terrorizing Telusi.'
- Thane, 'why? several of your men died. valuable warriors. Why?'
- Mayari, 'Those lives were the cost of securing a garrision for my people.'
- Thane, 'You could have just taken the city, like Detective Dookie said. And you are not a fool, you know what the council is capable of. Betrayal. How can they be so thick to hoist a virtue so high and commit it with such ease. What stops them from doing such a thing to you?'
- Mayari, 'because I'm powerful. If they try and touch me or harm any of my people I will destroy them just as they destroy each other.'
- Thane, 'There, you. That.'
- Mayari, 'Just because one is capable of evil, that they have done evil, doesn't mean they can't do just things.'
- Thane, 'Akali would call that weak.'
- Mayari, 'Akali took a different path. One that suits her well.'
- Thane, 'Mayari, no you, took a different path. You both...travel differently, one skips the other runs, but you left the path of the Church after you took an oath...'
- Mayari, 'I never believed in the Church.'
- Thane, 'You and Akali, not so different after all.'
- ...Mayari is angry. Her AT field pulses and grows visible.
- Mayari, 'you didn't kill my family.'
- Thane, 'Neither did he...' Thane points to the ground at the halved Dragoon.
- Mayari, 'Yes. But he killed somebody's.'
- Thane, 'You're not sure though...are you? He has a son you know-'
- Mayari charges at Thane. 'Kill me then. You're just like Akali, kill me, follow orders.'
- Thane, 'What, and destroy your new base?'
- Thane, 'I've felt vengence and all that seems to come next is yearning. Anxiousness. A cancer that needs to be fed or else, madness.'
- Mayari, 'I just know....I just know that I've seen evil. I've felt evil. I can't bring back what I have, but I can protect what good there is now. And these people are good and that's worth fighting and dying for.'
- Thane, 'Why not travel to the church, and destroy the root of your sensed evil?'
- Mayari, 'because....the church...those people...what they believe isn't evil. What they do...some of them yes...but soem of them....I earned this power but without them. I don't know.'
- Thane, 'Now you see....you and I...we...are not different.'
- For the Church, you are their Arch Angel, for the Fenrir I am their Assasin.
- What they not underestand, is that they didn't build weapons. What they built was reckoning.
- Thane 'Mayari, what you have here, is the beginning of a new age. A civilization, a people that exist outside the grip of the church and beyond the noose of the Soviet.'
- Mayari, 'and what of the Fenrir?'
- Thane, 'For them, I will show you evil.'
-
- The Fenrir are the civilizaiton on the dark side of the moon.
-

# BILLROY

- Steve and Fortune approach Mayari and notify her how the cargo yacht seems to be under some sort of lockdown. None of the controls have been working and the ship itself seems to have been under some sort of auto-pilot.
- Mayari and the crew see herself to the bridge to see what is wrong.
- Observing the controls on the bridge, they notice how the controls and the general layout of the ship is very small. Almost for someone size 4 foot and under.
- Suddenly, the ship goes into RED ALERT lockdown mode. The screens show that the ship is purging all oxygen. Luckily, all crew are able to place oxygen masks in time.
- A voice, 'DAMMIT,' is heard discordant over a comms frequency.
- Fortune notices, and so does Thane, with a bit of animosity. Fortune tells Steve to isolate the frequency. 'Its coming from on the ship.'
- One of Steve's soldiers, in the engineering control room, watches as hundreds of switches begin to move on their own.
- In the reactor room, rods remove themselves from the core, and on the screens, Mayari sees 'critical temperature meltdown imminient'
- Before Mayari calls an evacuation, a small squat looking alien appears on the screen, its Mordin Volus, the captain of the 'Cargo Yacht Handmaiden', he announces boldly.
- He demands everyone off the ship or else Telusi will be destroyed in a massive explosion from the reactor blowing up.
- Mayari immediately calls for an evacuation.
- Fortune, however, calls for caution, over half the cargo on the ship still needs to be offloaded. They need all of it to keep Telusi from plunging into chaos again. Food, medical, and ifrastructure.
- Steve also says that we cannot trust this guy, do not make a decision so hastily. He can still track where the signal is coming from if they stall.
- Thane also lets Mayari know that evacuation and weakness at this time will only compromise her power position within Telusi, she cannot hope to hold a council position unless she has the power to do so, and leaving this ship will show weakness.
- Mayari thinks for a second, then puts on her messiah face.
- She boldly asks the Volus why he was harboring a terrorist? Why did he let his ship be commandeered by a radical crusader? Mayari states that if he, the volus, deems harm to the innocent as much as the dragoon then she will gladly give the lives herself and her crew to steer this ship into space. Another devil blown to bits.
- Volus states, 'I know who you are, Mayari, the dragoon spoke of you with such spite.'
- Mayari, 'then you know that all will die, yet I will live.'
- Volus, 'you speak as if the burden of guilt will not be the end of you, but it will. Bluff.'
- Mayari looks at Steve, he was able to isolate the location, he has a team moving there now.
- Mayari continues to stall,'You fear Death as much as I do. You made a deal with the dragoon, a stairway to earth, everlasting life the blue ball plenty.'
- The volus doesn't flinch. But a timer begins to countdown to meltdown. A siren wales.
- Mayari, 'He promised you. He promised your crew the world for your ship. And you gave it to him. And what did he do? He wrought chaos on city that brought you the riches to own such a grand yacht. The last thing you want is more people to die. That's why you're locked yourself in the reactor room. Or did he do that?'
- The tension increases till the volus is morally broken and lifts the lockdown just as Steve's crew get to the Volus' position.
- Steve sees, that it isn't just one volus, but around 30 of them. Its the voluls' family. The whole family.
- Mayari works out a deal with the volus. A fair one. Protection from all harm, Amnesty from the Telusi, and captain of his own ship, if Mayari and her movement can comission it as a homeyacht.
- The volus agrees, and both decide to rename the ship, 'Expedition Yacht Bluff or EY Bluff'

# Thane's Phage

- Thane collapses on the deck of the EY Bluff, the phage has metasticised to a level that it nearly takes over his entire body.
- Mayari goes to the Billroy for advice as the last materials are taken off the ship, and more are loaded onto it.
- The Billroy communicate to Mayari thru a floating robot intelligence not unlike the prophets from Halo
- They inform Mayari that they have a possible solution for Thane, but again they need her help.
- The billroy inform Mayari that there is a thriving inter-lunar civilization in space. One that lives off of the trade from the moon, the kesslar syndrome of Earth, and the cooperation from the Billroy and other Earth-like species.
- However, the Billroy are the only ones that do business with the Moon, otherwise it is considered a no-go zone for the orbit civilizations.
- The Billroy have been hailing their typical trade port, Comet Station Gabriel, but they have not been responsive. And to their dismay, it seems that they have been passively pinged as not friendly on their IFF network.
- Mayari assumes that they must be able to monitor the moon and its activities and bare witness to the events as of late.
- The Billroy state that they have a contact on the station that deals with the xenology that may be able to help Thane.
- Mayari states the urgency of the situation, if they cannot get to the xenologist now, then it is not an option, there must be something else.
- Thane is put into some sort of pseudo ICU, basically a NICU for chicks born from the Billroy, and it clearly doesn't even meet the minium requirements for helping Thane. THe phage gets much wrose.
- Mayari attempts talk to Thane to ask him how he's able to survive so long with the phage, why is he the only one that seems to have it, and what happened on the dark side of the moon?
- Thane is too weak to speak. But maybe, what he really needs, is rest.
- Mayari takes Thane back on the surface of Telusi, there, the treatment is a bit better. Thane tells Mayari, if he is unable to make it, she must see the dark side of the moon. It is crucial to see what exactly is the true enemy of humanity, of life. Mayari asks how, but she doesn't get a reply from Thane, he passes out.
- Mayari, before she leaves, is courted by the trade council of Telusi for a fancy dinner, but at the dinner, Mayari is distracted, agitated, and frustrated at the pomp and circumsance of the occasion. She slams her fist on the table. 'My friend needs help.'
- The council is stunned, and reply with a simple, he is getting the best that Telusi can offer. They suggest that she should focus on getting the Billroy on good terms with the Comet so Telusi can begin rebuilding. Mayari scoffs, and offhandedly asks, 'and what of my position on the council.'
- Then the council fires back, 'and what of our people, our workforce in the prison camps?'
- Mayari highlights the impass. The people can't work if they have no work. There is no work unless the Billroy get on the Comet. There is no Telusi unless Mayari is put on the council.
- Mayari gets a small win. Along with the pomp and circumstance and authority, she forumlates and executes a plan to get the Billroy to the Comet and hopefully, help for Thane in time.
- Mayari enrolls the help of one of the quieter members of the council Chupapi, to assist with the civil proceedings and rebuilding of the city. She is able to work with Chupapi to open the coffers of the council to invest in the rehabilitation of the city and to dismantle the chokehold of the council.
- Mayari then works with Steve and Fortune to execute the necessary work on the surface.
- Mayari then waves to the Billroy from the surface, hopefully they can see and monitor what exactly is going on, the rehabilitation of the city.
- Mayari goes to visit Thane, he is looking a little bit better, a biopsy is taken and the doctors inform Mayari that what Thane has isn't something they've ever seen before. Its a silicon based creature that targets his DNA. Its a technology a sort of hive based technology. They inform Mayari, what Thane is capable of doing that perhaps others can't from the other side of the Moon is fight the disease. Though, mentally, it takes a toll and basically becomes harder. There isn't a cure but they will continue to study. It is unlikely there is one.
- Just as she gets this information Mayari is called to the Bluff, the Comet has sent an envoy to speak with the Billroy.
- In some neutral space, a sole Billroy ship faces what looks like an armada of space ships sent by the Comet. In the center of it all, is a sole TEU (twenty foot equivalent unit) container to serve as a neutral meeting point.
- The Billroy ask Mayari to be the one to speak on their behalf, the prophet will be there as well, as well as Mayari's council.
- The team entourage enters the container, only to see a sole man sitting at the desk, a man named Saladin.

# A Caboose

- The man at the desk, who says he is Saladin, sits with his feet on the table. At the table is a bounty of food in which he snacks on lavishly and speaks with his mouth full.
- The man says to sit down, he knows each of them by name, and that it is traditional to eat a vast meal before they discuss the terms of negotiation.
- Mayari looks at the food, nothing there looks liek anything she's ever seen before.
- The entourage stands still, not taking a seat at the table, nor speaking.
- The man, lets call him, Pewp, barks at the entourage at their disrispect of their customs.
- Steve, speaking for group, angered, yells back at the space army they have. You say customs, terms, and traditions, what he lacks is respect. You roll up on a negotiation as if it is a war. One ship of billroy versus the Comet, no such action would favor well on the moon.
- Pewp scoffs, and lets an apple float up to the ceiling. 'Very well.' He dusts off his pants and walks out of the room.
- Servants of some type enter the room and clear the table. In stead of the food is a large blob of water and a set up mag cups. The lighting is even changed to be a bit more, focused. The chairs are replaced and even the table is made to be that of a circle and not of a rectangle.
- The Billroy inform Mayari that the ships of the Comet are backing off except for one. A man, leaves a large capital ship and floats towards the TEU as the capital ship backs off.
- Saladin walks into the TEU with an armful off papers and such. He takes a knee, as custom of the moon folk, and states his official title. He apologizes for the nature of his tactics, he has studied the conflicts on the moon extensively and raerely he is outwitted, but this time it seems that he has been. He is pleasatly surprised as well as he is intrigued.
- He asks the entourage to sit, but Saladin still chooses to stand. With the wave of his hand he opens up a 'window' to the moon. As he does this, he pontificates on his research and study of the moon. The study of human nature, religion, respect, and chivalry. He wishes to instill many of the values shown, such as respect of ones foes. But unfortunately, there are those who aim to fight without respect and seem to be blinded by their own beilefs to have respect for his fellow man.
- Mayari moves to sand, but Saladin gestures for her to stay seated.
- 'On the moon, you fight for bounty. For land, for riches, for prestige. In the orbit we only have what is ours. Preservation. Survival.'
- Saladin asks for forgiveness in his harsh apporach from the flagging of the Billroy to the massive amount of weaponry at his disposal. But Saladin does not mince his words when he states that, up here, they are not to conduct themselves as they did on Telusi, or the Billroy, or anything on the moon. They are welcome, but they are in his home and they will respect that. Just then, he sits and offers his hand. Mayari, offers hers. Saladin bids good day and leaves. Mayari watches him slowly float all the way to the Comet.
- Fortune, 'nothing. nothing stands in our way of just flicking him into moon dust.'
- Mayari, ' I wouldn't be so sure.'
- The Bluff slowly moves into dock at a mooring station orbiting the Comet. A Pilot, a dude who came in earlier, states commands for the Billroy to take since there is no way for him to really take the helm.
- The main doors open to the mooring station, and Mayari is bombarded with fandom, cameras, and all those who are curious. Thane's condition worsens but a whole new obstacle seems to have reared its head.

# Surrender Your Weapons

- however the oldbad are like outlaws vs the long arm of the law with a few depuities
- saladin promises a cure for Thane if Mayari is able to bring information that could compell Saladin to make a rightcheous decision
- Mayari goes to see Thane before she makes a decision. He is in some sort of cryochamber that slows the the phage's infection. This is the last time she will be able to talk to him, before he is put into a deep sleep to prevent the shit from progressing even further.
- Thane says that the deciison is hers, simmply because he followed her because she does things the way he wouldn't do, and things end up exponentially better that way. Either way, Thane makes sure to tell her the most important thing isn't him, but the status of the dark side of the moon. Only then the threat will be asserted.
- Mayari seeks advice from those who she has saved before. But each of them seem to be much to involved with their own progress to really answer. All they can really say is thank you.
- At last resort, Mayari does a secret ritual that was taught to her ages ago from the Church of Earth. THis rituatl allows her to go into a deep form of focus and allows her to decide what she wants to do. Something involving edging and the zero gravity pools.
- After such, she makes up her mind. She will go and meet with the Oldbad. She must understand the conflcit from the other side.
- Mayari goes to the Oldbad orbit and discovers that the Oldbad are bands of astros doing what they can to live.
- its like the damn wild west red dead redemption 2.
- They are a race of people who simply follow a set principled living, the same that has been for hundreds of years. However, it is a practice that Mayari is not privy too, she must earn their trust first.
- Mayari befriends a fixer known as Zantai. Thru him, she completes odd jobs, as well as difficult and dangerous tasks that will earn the trust of the Oldbad.
- Mayari is able to infiltrate and understand that the oldbad. have been trading data with the Whales, and in return are able to live lives of their own choosing. freedom.
- 'Data' comes in the form of harddrives or any sort of memmory driven aspects found within the ansteroid field that surrounds the earth.
- In return, the Whales provide a method of guidadnce for the Oldbad. they conncet themselves thru matrix-like hookups and in a way they are able to communicate thru all the memories of the oldbad from the beginning. When Oldbad die, they are also 'fed' to the whlaes so that their memmories and such live forever as long as the whales are taken care of.
- The Oldbad and the Whales function as a symbyotic multi-species culture/society. Together they function as one and survive.
- Mayari surmises that if Saladin needed to find the source of power of the Oldbad, it is their relationship with the whales.
- THis is it, the whales can bring the oldbads to heel, if they are threatened.
- At a moment of full embracement, the moment that the oldbad would have accepted Mayari as one of their own, she sneaks away to meet Saladin. The thought of Thane makes her make a choice she wouldn't normally.
- Mayari returns with information to Saladin but wants to negotiate, but Saladin doesn't budge.
- Saladin locks Mayari up, but in a way that makes her very comfortable. Nothing too crazy. She is simply unable to leave. Saladin is disapointed in Mayari, he did not believe she would go to such extent as to empathize with the Oldbad that and choose something so selfish as her friend Thane. In a way, she doomed the Oldbad. One way or another. War is coming.
- Mayari warns Saladin that many will die, that the source of power that the Oldbad have is much more than having none, like Saladin.
- Saladin takes this as a threat, in a way, he's jealous, because he seems to be the one civilization that doesn't have such a thing as a 'source of power.'

## Alamo Alamo Alamo

- In many of the small saloon towns, large groups of lawmen, Saladin's men, begin to arrest and detain those that identify as Oldbad.
- Zentai is put on trial for treason. The leaders believe taht Zentai is responsible for the attack by Saladin, and the imminent fall of the Oldbad. However, Zentai begs them for reason, clearly, if Mayari told them everything, they would have found the whales. At this end, Zentai is challanged, that he must find a way to stop this attack. Because it is all over unless he rights this.
- Zentai connects to the Whales, and asks for advice, it for once is unable to come to an answer. At that point, something is revealed, some sort of power armor or something created by the original oldbad. A uniform that signifies envoy of peace.
- Zentai does the unthinkable and using is space horse, lands on the surface of the moon close to city of the Telusi.
- There, he informs Fortune and Steve of Mayari's situation.
- Zentai and crew stage a crazy stealth breakout, in replacement of Mayari, they place Zentai. Which is a setup for a moment where Saladin is informed that Mayari has escaped, and has placed Zentai there instead.
- Mayari and crew return to the Oldbad and they let her connect to the Whales. She communicates with the whales, but is able to convince them to leave. After the Oldbad communicate with the Whales, they hatch a plan to pull a ruse for the whales to escape. The whales provide schematics for an old tech type cannon that will provide the necessary thrust to throw Mayari around themoon to observe the dark side of the moon.
- The Whales ingest more information and is able to come up with a crazy holistic picture that 'hey maybe we aren't each other's enemies.'
- THe oldbads pull an alamo, as they jerry rig something to launch Mayari to the other side of the moon, she is the only one any of them trust, and she is the only one that can prevent all out war.
- The thematic duality is that now, Mayari, is on the other end of a seige while Saladin is on the other.
- on the otherside of the moon, mayari sees nothing like she's seen before, a megalopolis. a massive half-moon mega city
- howver, it is scarred with, plumes of burning shit
- there seems to be war, war below her , explosios and such.
- in the center of the moon she sees a giant biblically accurate angel powering this fucking moon boring machine to drill thru the earth
- behind her in space, she sees what seems to be a giant nether portal to another dimension, a burning eye staring back at her, visions, arms, reaching out to steal her soul
- instead, like before, like how she was shot out of the sky, she was shot out of the sky again, by what seems to be another mysterious force and crash lands on the other side of the moon
- visions, head hurt, boooboo.
- Unfortunately, in the seige, most of the Oldbad were killed, only leaving a handful to carry on the tradition. Who will now take on a pilgramage to find the whales and where they went to.

## Messiah Down

- Its been hours since Mayari fell from the sky.
- An old woman weeps at her corpse. Hundreds begin to gather at Mayari's body.
- Men take her body and place it on a sheet of metal and hold it above their heads as an effagy. The pilgramage has turned into thousands of Mayarin's walking in a slow procession of mourning.
- Above, from the Billroy ship, Steve and Evelynn watch in disbelief unsure what to do.
- Ahead of the procession, an army of greater size stand in their way. Its Akali.
- As soon as the army comes into view of the Billroy Ship, Steve and Akali deploy their own forces to protect the procession wherever it goes.
- To their disbelief, Akali's forces part themselves and allow the procession to go thru.
- Akali's forces join them as well.
- The same happens for an army of the Soviet and the forces of Telusi.
- The men haul Mayari into the city of Telusi and into an ancient vault where humans first lived over 200 years ago.
- They roll the vault door shut insinuating there is no way for her to escape.
- Thousands in the city and outside make camp in vigil.
- Directly outside the vault door, the monks who carried her body, Steve and Evelynn stand guard.
- Steve and Evelynn attempt to discuss their next move, but the typically resolved Evelynn is lost for words.
- In attempt to find respite, Steve talks to the monks. The monks reveal that they are all high ranking

# moonshot

mayari is launched to the other side of the moon to see the real threat to humanity. the fenrir

# the sickness of the phage

mayari learns the sickness that plagues the Fenrir and Thane

# pulled in all directions

- Two-strikes from the Soviet send a messanger to Mayari, begging for help as the Soviet are being seiged by the latest crusade led by Akali.
- Mayari is torn. She either must go back down to the Monke to talk to Pizza and get the cure for the Phage or save the friend who saved her in the Soviet.
- Mayari makes the tough decision to send Steve and Fortune to defend the Soviet with explicit directions not to kill Akali, but to capture her.
- Thane and Mayari will go to Monke to find the cure

# akali lays seige to Telusi

### outline

- there is an uneasy peace in the

### WORKING PROMPT

User
please clarify the following text while being mindful of the narrative details

### Intertextual Visual Media

- Requiem for a Dream
- Friday Night Lights
- District 9
- Children of Men
- The Wave
- 13
- Brick
- American Pie
- Chronicle
- Easy A
- Black Swan
- Rushmore
- Amlie
- The Departed
- Girl with the Dragon Tattoo
- Live Free or Die Hard
- The Social Network
- The Perks of Being a Wallflower
- The Brave Little Toaster
- The Lion King
- Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory
- A Kid Called Danger
- Harry Potter
- Titan A.E.
- Small Soldiers
- Air Bud
- Mulan
- The Iron Giant
- Angels in the Outfield
- Evangelion Movies
- Evangelion Series
- Kill la Kill
- FLCL
- Your Name
- Haruhi Suzumiya
- Kanon
- Shuffle
- One Punch Man
- Attack on Titan
- Space Dandy
- Sword Art Online
- Blood+
- Gunslinger Girl
- Death Note
- Eureka Seven
- Samurai Champloo
- Beck: Mongolian Chop Squad
- Clannad
- Azumanga Daioh
- Knights of Sidonia
- Kuro Makura
- Noir
- Blue Gender

# unformatted video games

Counter-Strike Global Offensive
League of Legends
ARK: Survival Evolved
Arma 3
ARK: Survival Evolved
Black Desert Online
Boarderlands 2
Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare
Company of Heroes 2
Battlefield 1
Far Cry 5
Fallout 4
Overwatch
DiRT 4
Elite: Dangerous
EVE Online
Grand Theft Auto: V
NieR: Automata
RUINER
Sid Meier's Civilization 5
Spec Ops: The Line
Spintires: MudRunner
Star Wars: Battlefront 2
Stardew Valley
Squad
Stellaris
Solitare
Life is Strange
PLAYERUNKNOWN'S BATTLEGROUNDS
Mass Effect 3
Thumper
Tomb Raider
Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Wildlands
Tom Clancy's The Division 2
For Honor
Watch_Dogs 2
The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt
XCOM 2
Gears of War
Rainbow Six Vegas 2
Freelancer
Helldivers 2

whats the go?

A minecraft channel called Blocchamp
