---
author:
- Joichi Ito
copyright:
  link: 'https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/'
  text: Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License
  type: 'CC-BY'
date: 'Nov 21, 2017'
journal:
  title: Journal of Design and Science
lang: en
title: Design and Science
---

**Notice:** This file is an auto-generated download and, as such, might
include minor display or rendering errors. For the version of record,
please visit the HTML version or download the PDF.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<div>

**DOI:** 10.21428/f4c68887

</div>

<div>

**License:** [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License
(CC-BY 4.0)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)

</div>

::: {.pub-body-component}
::: {.editor .Prosemirror}
*Please sign up for an account on PubPub and make comments and provide
feedback.*

![](https://assets.pubpub.org/c2ohohas/21508273931506.png)

On Professor Neri Oxman's Krebs Cycle of Creativity of the relationship
between the disciplines, design and science are opposite one another on
the circle, and the output of one is not the input of the other as is
often the case of engineering and design or science and engineering. I
believe that by making a "lens" and a fusion of design and science, we
can fundamentally advance both. This connection includes both the
science of design and the design of science, as well as the dynamic
relationship between these two activities.

As I have written previously,[1]{#r5886936802 .footnote
node-type="footnote" data-value="Antidisciplinary. Joi Ito’s Web."
date-structured-value=""} one of the first words that I learned when I
joined the Media Lab in 2011 was \"antidisciplinary.\" It was listed as
a requirement in an ad seeking applicants for a new faculty position.
Interdisciplinary work is when people from different disciplines work
together. But antidisciplinary is something very different; it's about
working in spaces that simply do not fit into any existing academic
discipline--a specific field of study with its own particular words,
frameworks, and methods.

For me, antidisciplinary research is akin to mathematician Stanislaw
Ulam\'s famous observation that the study of nonlinear physics is like
the study of \"non-elephant animals.\" Antidisciplinary is all about the
non-elephant animals.

I believe that by bringing together design and science we can produce a
rigorous but flexible approach that will allow us to explore, understand
and contribute to science in an antidisciplinary way.

In many ways, the cybernetics movement was a model for what we are
trying to do--allowing a convergence of new technologies to create a new
movement that cuts across the disciplines. But it is also a warning:
cybernetics became fragmented through over formalization and
"disciplinarification." As Stewart Brand recently reflected, cybernetics
became more and more dense and academic, and as it matured it was "bored
to death." Perhaps we can design something that is both rigorous enough,
engaging enough, and antidisciplinary enough not only to survive, but to
thrive.

The kind of scholars we are looking for at the Media Lab are people who
don\'t fit in any existing discipline either because they are
between\--or simply beyond\--traditional disciplines. I often say that
if you can do what you want to do in any other lab or department, you
should go do it there. Only come to the Media Lab if there is nowhere
else for you to go. We are the new Salon des Refusés.

When I think about the \"space\" we\'ve created, I like to think about a
huge piece of paper that represents \"all science.\" The disciplines are
little black dots on this paper. The massive amounts of white space
between the dots represent antidisciplinary space. Many people would
like to play in this white space, but there is very little funding for
this, and it\'s even harder to get a tenured positions without some sort
of disciplinary anchor in one of the black dots.

Additionally, it appears increasingly difficult to tackle many of the
interesting problems--as well as the "wicked problems"--through a
traditional disciplinary approach. Unraveling the complexities of the
human body is the perfect example. Our best chance for rapid
breakthroughs should come through a collaborative \"One Science.\" But
instead, we seem unable to move beyond "many sciences"--a complex mosaic
of so many different disciplines that often we don't recognize when we
are looking at the same problem because our language is so different and
our microscopes are set so differently.

With funding and people focused on the disciplines, it takes more and
more effort and resources to make a unique contribution. While the space
between and beyond the disciplines can be academically risky, it often
has less competition; requires fewer resources to try promising,
unorthodox approaches; and provides the potential to have tremendous
impact by unlocking connections between existing disciplines that are
not well connected. The Internet and the diminishing costs of computing,
prototyping and manufacturing have diminished many of the costs of doing
research as well.

A Prehistory of the Anti-Disciplinary: Cybernetics {#r386893024}
==================================================

Although the new technologies and tools diminishing costs driven by the
Internet and Moore's Law makes antidisciplinary work increasingly
possible, it's not exactly a new idea.

Driven less by the diminishing costs, but rather by a whole set of
enabling technologies and tools, a similar movement was occurring in the
1940s and 1950s where a variety of fields began to converge.
Applications from ballistic missile control to understanding how
biological systems regulated movement brought engineers, designers,
scientists, mathematicians, sociologists, philosophers, linguists,
psychologists and thinkers from a variety of fields together to begin to
understand systems and feedback loops as a way to both comprehend and
design complex systems. This type of cross-disciplinary study of systems
was termed "cybernetics."

Although mathematician and philosopher Norbert Wiener and his
book, Cybernetics: Or Control and Communication in the Animal and the
Machine is often what first comes to mind when when we think of
cybernetics, much of "first-order cybernetics" was heavily in the domain
of the engineers. (First-order cybernetics was about how one used
feedback systems and feedback loops to control or regulate systems, and
second-order cybernetics was more about self-adaptive complex systems
and systems that could not to be controlled or were highly complex.)

Although they get less attention, there were also many philosophers,
sociologists and cultural figures involved in cybernetics, such as Heinz
von Foerster, Gregory Bateson, Margaret Mead, Gordon Pask, and Stewart
Brand[2]{#r1212639139 .footnote node-type="footnote"
data-value="How cybernetics connects computing, counterculture, and design. Hippie modernism: The struggle for utopia. Walker Art Center, Minneapolis MN. 1–12."
date-structured-value=""} who were more concerned with second-order
cybernetics.[3]{#r81200548 .footnote node-type="footnote"
data-value="Unpacking Suitcase Words." date-structured-value=""}

Some called second-order cybernetics the community of first-order
systems. Second-order cybernetics was more about participant observers
than objective observers/designers. For example, a first-order
cybernetic system would be a thermostat and a second-order system would
be the earth's ecosystem. An engineer designs a thermostat as an object
that they can understand, control and is for a user that they can talk
to, but the ecosystem is something we live in as a participant, can't
control, and adapts to our actions. And beyond complexity and the
impossibility of regulating such complex systems, by bringing the human
into the system second-order cybernetics goes beyond the move from
"objectivity" to "subjectivity" and makes the participants responsible
for what they pay attention to and what they value. And if "cybernetics
is the theory, design is the action." (Ranulph Glanville)---for we are
responsible for what we design.

While many of the origins and threads of cybernetics ran through MIT, by
the time the Media Lab was established in 1985, the vibrant cybernetics
movement had disappeared into a variety of applied disciplines. But it
has left its mark: design, and in particular, "design thinking," emerged
and survives today as a practice that cuts across many of the
disciplines that were touched by it.

Evolving Design {#r2869181431}
===============

Design has become what many of us call a "suitcase word." It means so
many different things that it almost doesn't mean anything: you can call
almost anything "design." On the other hand, design encompasses many
important ideas and practices, and thinking about the future of science
in the context of design--as well as design in the context of
science--is an interesting and fruitful endeavor.

Design has also evolved from the design of objects both physical and
immaterial, to the design of systems, to the design of complex
adaptive-systems. This evolution is shifting the role of designers; they
are no longer the central planner, but rather participants within the
systems they exist in. This is a fundamental shift--one that requires a
new set of values.

Today, many designers work for companies or governments developing
products and systems focused primarily on making sure that society works
efficiently. However, the scope of these efforts are not designed to
include--nor are they designed to care about--systems beyond our
corporate or governmental needs. We're moving into an era where the
system boundaries are not as defined. These underrepresented systems,
such as the microbial system and the environment, have suffered and
still present significant challenges for designers. While these systems
are self-adaptive, complex systems, our unintended effects on them will
most likely cause unintended negative consequences for us.

MIT Professors Neri Oxman and Meejin Yoon teach a popular class called
"Design Across Scales," where they discuss design at scales ranging from
the microbial to the astrophysical. While it is impossible for designers
and scientists to predict the outcome of complex self-adaptive system,
especially at all scales, it is possible for us to perceive, understand,
and take responsibility for our intervention within each of these
systems. Also, as a "participant" we can engage at each of these scales
if we are aware of and able to use all of our lenses by being aware of
the systems that we are in and being continuously preceptive. This would
be much more of a design whose outcome we cannot fully control--more
like giving birth to a child and influencing its development than
designing a robot or a car.

An example of this kind of design is the work of MIT Professor Kevin
Esvelt who describes himself as an evolutionary sculptor. He is working
on ways of editing the genes of populations of organisms such as the
rodent that carries Lyme disease and the mosquito that carries malaria
to make them resistant to the pathogens. The specific technology -
CRISPR gene drives - are a type of gene edit such that when carrier
organisms released into the wild, all of their offspring, and their
offspring\'s offspring, and so on through the generations will inherit
the same alteration, allowing us to essentially eliminate malaria, Lyme,
and other vector-borne and parasitic diseases. Crucially, the edit is
embedded into the population at large, rather than the individual
organism. Therefore, his focus is not on the gene editing or the
particular organism, but the whole ecosystem - including our health
system, the biosphere, our society and its ability to think about these
sorts of interventions. To be clear: part of what's novel here is
considering the effects of a design on all of the systems that touch it.

The End of the Artificial {#r9478850055}
=========================

Unlike the past where there was a clearer separation between those
things that represented the artificial and those that represented the
organic, the cultural and the natural, it appears that nature and the
artificial are merging.

When the cybernetics movement began, the focus of science and
engineering was on things like guiding a ballistic missile or
controlling the temperature in an office. These problems were squarely
in the man-made domain and were simple enough to apply the traditional
divide-and-conquer method of scientific inquiry.

Science and engineering today, however, is focused on things like
synthetic biology or artificial intelligence, where the problems are
massively complex. These problems exceed our ability to stay within the
domain of the artificial, and make it nearly impossible for us to divide
them into existing disciplines. We are finding that we are more and more
able to design and deploy directly into the domain of "nature" and in
many ways "design" nature. Synthetic biology is obviously completely
embedded in nature and is about our ability to "edit nature." However,
even artificial intelligence, which is in the digital versus natural
realm, is developing its relationship to the study of the brain beyond
merely a metaphorical one. We find that we must increasingly depend on
nature to guide us through the complexity and the unknowability (with
our current tools) that is our modern scientific world.

By picking up where cybernetics left off and by redirecting the
development of modern design to the future of science, we believe that a
new kind of design and a new kind of science may emerge, and in fact is
already emerging.

Rethinking Academic Practice {#r3476176216}
============================

MITx and edX are now helping the world by making lectures, knowledge,
and skills available online to students everywhere in an organized way.
The MIT Press, the Media Lab, and the MIT Libraries could serve a
parallel role by creating a new model for academic interaction and
collaboration, breaking down the artificial barriers dividing
intellectual discourse. Our thinking is to create a vehicle for the
exchange of ideas that allows all those working in the antidisciplinary
space between and beyond the disciplines to come together in unexpected
and exciting ways to challenge existing academic silos. Our aim is to
create a new space that encourages everyone, not just academics, to come
together to create a new platform for the 21st century: a new place, a
new way of thinking, a new way of doing.

Much of academia revolves around publishing research to prestigious,
peer-reviewed journals. Peer review usually consists of the influential
members of your field reviewing your work and deciding whether it is
important and unique. This architecture often leads to a dynamic where
researchers focus more on proving the value of their research to a small
number of experts in their own field than on taking the high-risk of an
unconventional approach. This dynamic reinforces the cliché of
academics: learning more and more about less and less. It causes a
hyper-specialization where people in different areas have a very
difficult time collaborating--or even communicating--with people in
different fields.

Peer-reviewed academic papers were a very important system to build
scientific knowledge before the Internet, but in many ways, they may be
holding us back now. Stewart Brand likens academic papers to tombstones
reading: "we thought this subject to death and this is where we buried
it." I propose iteratively designing a new antidisciplinary journal with
an open collaborative model of interaction in contrast to the structured
and formal peer review system in order to tackle the most pressing and
most interesting problems and ideas of our times and itself be an
experiment.

The Media Lab has thrived 30 years without losing its relevance or its
passion when most research labs that focus on a discipline have
difficulty retaining relevance for so long. Why? I think it's because
our focus is on a way of thinking and doing rather than on a field of
study or a particular language. I believe the key is a focus on
developing a better system of design and a better theory of deployment
and impact.

As participant designers, we focus on changing ourselves and the way we
do things in order to change the world. With this new perspective, we
will be able to tackle extremely important problems that don't fit
neatly into current academic systems: instead of designing other
people's systems, we will redesign our way of thinking and working and
impact the world by impacting ourselves .

::: {.pub-notes}
Footnotes
=========

1.  [[Antidisciplinary. Joi Ito's Web.]{.pub-note-content-component}
    [↩](#fn-0-inline){.return-link}]{#fn-0-bottom}
2.  [[How cybernetics connects computing, counterculture, and design.
    Hippie modernism: The struggle for utopia. Walker Art Center,
    Minneapolis MN. 1--12.]{.pub-note-content-component}
    [↩](#fn-1-inline){.return-link}]{#fn-1-bottom}
3.  [[Unpacking Suitcase Words.]{.pub-note-content-component}
    [↩](#fn-2-inline){.return-link}]{#fn-2-bottom}
:::
:::
:::


# use this as the basis of creating the engine of patterns and systems 

