id: 0b65d98b7b314e54bb69533dd5d7d41d
parent_id: bfbb03ac5858483f811216369cc1e0e3
item_type: 1
item_id: aba9d206ddb145629bbd09ad60562cef
item_updated_time: 1746968351724
title_diff: "[]"
body_diff: "[{\"diffs\":[[0,\" the use of \"],[1,\"low-yield nuclear mines. What happened next is the exact opposite of what they wanted to happen. The Irish simply disarmed every mine, smuggled them into parliament, and blew the fuck out of English parliament. To the rest of the world, it seems that the united isles are irradiated and desolate\\\n\\\nEastern Europe is slowly being devowered by the resurgance of the return of the new messiah, the longest living pope of all time. of 100 years. it is said that the vatican possesses technology beyond that of even the techno-empires. A crusade of millions washes over europe, ereadicating prodestantism \\\n\\\nJerusalem, Israel, the middle east, and the indian subcontinent now peacefully occupy the holy land ment to be a refuge and last bastion of relgious freedom agains the eternal crusade. \\\n\\\n\\\nThe continent of Africa is now the world's gateway to space as well as its last cornocopia. Thru technological innovation, sand from the sahara is used as bio-silicoln and other technological infrastructure that the world needs to operate \"]],\"start1\":1709,\"start2\":1709,\"length1\":12,\"length2\":1040}]"
metadata_diff: {"new":{},"deleted":[]}
encryption_cipher_text: 
encryption_applied: 0
updated_time: 2025-05-11T12:59:11.787Z
created_time: 2025-05-11T12:59:11.787Z
type_: 13