os issue prompt


> Create a comprehensive report for the following OS Theme Development prompt. **follow the structure and language style of the “Understanding” report template** Remember to be thorough and use methods that facilitate easy understanding, such as bolding, italicizing, formatting, and bulleting. In addition to a summary section for each component, which provides an overview of the section using several sentences. Also, remember the Table of Contents. MOST IMPORTANTLY, WE ARE USING DRAMATICA and ASTRO7EX 
>
> Illustrate the Overall Story Issue
> IMPORTANT: THIS ENTIRE REPORT IS the OS Issue - this needs to be ANSWERED SPECIFICALLY DUDE
> Describe how thematic issues regarding 'Conditioning' affect everyone in ASTRO7EX

> How do you want the audience to feel about 'Conditioning' in 'ASTRO7EX? Answer using the scale below, and elaborate on the answer. 
> On an 11 point spectrum scale ranging from on one side Advantageous, in the middle, Neutral, and on the further side, Disadventageous, 
 

> Explanation:  'Conditioning' determines the category of subject matter that willbe explored in your Overall Story's theme. 
>
>
> THEORY: There is nor ight or wrong way to evaluate a problem. 
> Definition:   Conditioning: responses based on experience or training 
> Dynamic Pair:  Instinct, intrinsic unconditioned responses. 
> ----
>
> - Harold Bloom's Themes in American Literature 
> - Joseph Campbell's studies of myth
> - ADD SECTIONS ON THEORY & CRITICISM 
> - Early 2000s sci-fi anime archetypes and tropes
> 
>- Robert McKee
	- Story
	- Character
>
> - Narrative Astrology 
	- Narrative Natal Chart
	- Transits 
	- Progressions


 > can you answer the following question fully "What is the Optionlock that brings ASTRO7EX to a climax?" its to enter into the Dramatica Story Limit section

id: 0ea2b55accc144cea5c913f19c9b3e0d
parent_id: 1deedc70024a4fedbd88ff1a9556b407
created_time: 2025-06-15T19:01:49.758Z
updated_time: 2025-06-15T19:01:59.078Z
is_conflict: 0
latitude: 30.43825590
longitude: -84.28073290
altitude: 0.0000
author: 
source_url: 
is_todo: 0
todo_due: 0
todo_completed: 0
source: joplin-desktop
source_application: net.cozic.joplin-desktop
application_data: 
order: 0
user_created_time: 2025-06-15T19:01:49.758Z
user_updated_time: 2025-06-15T19:01:59.078Z
encryption_cipher_text: 
encryption_applied: 0
markup_language: 1
is_shared: 0
share_id: 
conflict_original_id: 
master_key_id: 
user_data: 
deleted_time: 0
type_: 1