id: 0eb0ef1a2d6e4277a9273e46e09f812b
parent_id: ce69daf929354250ada2fa40e906b8b7
item_type: 1
item_id: df7b085fe7e9428094b397c3041def39
item_updated_time: 1749111525214
title_diff: "[]"
body_diff: "[{\"diffs\":[[0,\"* **\"],[-1,\"Rushed Strategy**: Mods sends ex-maxxwing soldiers deployed by MODS to  \\\n\\\n* **Forewarning**: Each episode has a world that *appears* functional, but deeper inspection reveals moral exhaustion and societal apathy.\\\n\\\n  * **Ritual Masking**: Everyo\"],[1,\"Forewarning**: Each episode has a world that *appears* functional, but deeper inspection reveals moral exhaustion and societal apathy.\\\n\\\n**False Stability**\\\n  Myrtle repeats a phrase Vivian used years ago—but she’s never told her.\\\n\\\n    Archetype: \\\n\\\n    Details: Vivian is startled when Myrtle casually echoes a line of poetic philosophy she used to say during her time as a super-soldier. She wonders: “Who taught you that?”\\\n\\\n    Forewarning Function: Signals that someone has programmed or reconstructed Myrtle using corrupted or unauthorized fragments of Vivian's past. The system is reaching into Vivian’s trauma to shape her reality.\\\n\\\n**Rushed Strategy**\\\n\\\n    Example: MODS deploy over-reacting and violent control teams to minor crimes or claims. Later, they escalate by dispatching unstable MAXWING-human hybrids that focus on eliminating Vivian.\\\n\\\n    Forewarning Function: The escalation is not tactical—it’s reactive. The lack of coordination suggests that MODS is panicking, not strategizing. As missions overlap and hybrids begin targeting non-hostile zones, it becomes clear that the system is accelerating toward collapse.\\\n\\\n    ASTRO7EX Reading: The system confuses motion for progress. Every new strike team is a glitch, not a correction. The harder MODS tries to fix the problem, the faster it destabilizes.\\\n\\\n\\\n  * **Ritual Masking**:\\\n\\\nRebels Holding “Meetings” Where No Strategy Changes\\\n\\\n    Every week, same table, same chant, same leader speeches.\\\n\\\n    No \"],[0,\"ne\"],[1,\"w\"],[0,\" i\"],[-1,\"s drifting, reenacting old roles—cop, cowboy, thief—without adapting to the crumbling economic and spiritual reality\"],[1,\"ntel. No real action. Just affirmations.\\\n\\\n    Sometimes, they say they’ll “reach out to Vivian” like she’s still a commander. She’s not.\\\n\\\n  * \\\n  * Ex-Military Doing “Checkpoints” on Roads That Lead Nowhere\\\n  * Barricades manned by veterans in shattered power armor.\\\n\\\nThey run ID scans, issue passes, salute a flag that no longer flies.\\\n\\\nThey ask you to wait for “clearance” from a command chain that hasn’t existed in ten years.\\\n\\\nFormer Lawmen Running Dead Zones Like They’re Still Deputized\\\n\\\n    A sheriff’s badge from a pre-collapse enclave still gets you respect in the barter circuits—because people want to believe someone’s in charge.\\\n\\\n    Patrols continue, citations issued, reports filed into offline terminals.\\\n\\\n    No justice system. No court. But the act persists.\\\n\\\nMeaning: Law is no longer functional—it’s cosplay.\\\nNarrative Impact: Shows the need for structure even as it becomes unhinged from outcome\"],[0,\".\"]],\"start1\":0,\"start2\":0,\"length1\":369,\"length2\":2396}]"
metadata_diff: {"new":{},"deleted":[]}
encryption_cipher_text: 
encryption_applied: 0
updated_time: 2025-06-05T08:25:33.449Z
created_time: 2025-06-05T08:25:33.449Z
type_: 13