id: 25c50a978f624f22b046fc3a77176c25
parent_id: 92edbec392a644c1a26d177386b463f0
item_type: 1
item_id: fddff80b43834713ab2d8df5516036ea
item_updated_time: 1758019961391
title_diff: "[{\"diffs\":[[1,\"01-080\"]],\"start1\":0,\"start2\":0,\"length1\":0,\"length2\":6}]"
body_diff: "[{\"diffs\":[[1,\"---\\\nid: CB-01080\\\nfilename: 01-080.md\\\ntitle: \\\nchapter_index: 1\\\nstep_rank: 80\\\nstatus: draft\\\nupdated: 2025-09-06\\\n---\\\nExercise H - p.13\\\nWork Backward to Find Your Ending\\\n\\\n\\\n\\t1. \\\nStart with the final reveal: What does Quincy discover that is most painful, shocking, surprising, or delightful?\\\n\\\n\\t\\t1. \\\nThe girl left on the side of the road (Willow) made it to the gas station and found someone to take care of her. When Quincy finds her to apologize and give money, she is ambivalent and neither forgave or cursed Quincey. \\\n\\t\\t2. \\\nHe needs to move past his mother to complete Mx86. \\\n\\t2. \\\nWhere did Quincy discover it?\\\n\\\n\\t\\t1. \\\nQuincy discovers Willow a short mile down the road at a gas station. \\\n\\t3. \\\nWhat physical clue led Quincy to the gas station?\\\n\\\n\\t\\t1. \\\nHer shitty clothes were left by the road. \\\n\\t4. \\\nWhat was said that triggered the character to search for that clue? \\\n\\\n\\t\\t1. \\\nQuincy calls Dahlia but she doesn't pick up.\\\n\\t5. \\\nWhat event occurred to cause Quincy to call Dahlia?\\\n\\\n\\t\\t1. \\\nQuincy helped Iris traffic these girls into a sex ring. He feels horrible and is concerned about Iris.\\\n\\t6. \\\nWhat problem occurred that created that event?\\\n\\\n\\t\\t1. \\\nChance died and Iris has to pay back the loan sharks that helped pay her medical bills. \\\n\\t7. \\\nHow did Quincy's own actions create that problem? \\\n\\\n\\t\\t1. \\\nQuincy got drunk and wasn't there to watch Iris when she said she shouldn't be left alone. \\\n\\t8. \\\nWhat goal did the main character have that caused him to behave badly enough to create this problem? \\\n\\\n\\t\\t1. \\\nQuincy needed to suppress the darkness that occurs when he fails or is bored.  \\\n\\t9. \\\nWhat circumstances in Quincy's world inspired that goal? \\\n\\\n\\t\\t1. \\\nIris reminds him of his mother. \\\n\\\n\"]],\"start1\":0,\"start2\":0,\"length1\":0,\"length2\":1685}]"
metadata_diff: {"new":{"id":"fddff80b43834713ab2d8df5516036ea","parent_id":"9db17b06d6964206ba370cb4fa4687e9","latitude":"30.43825590","longitude":"-84.28073290","altitude":"0.0000","author":"","source_url":"","is_todo":0,"todo_due":0,"todo_completed":0,"source":"joplin-desktop","source_application":"net.cozic.joplin-desktop","application_data":"","order":0,"markup_language":1,"is_shared":0,"share_id":"","conflict_original_id":"","master_key_id":"","user_data":"","deleted_time":0},"deleted":[]}
encryption_cipher_text: 
encryption_applied: 0
updated_time: 2025-12-06T04:33:43.485Z
created_time: 2025-09-16T10:55:19.174Z
type_: 13