id: 2717fb4bc92441888bc7c04bc8501d2c
parent_id: 4363b47471bb44ec982855300e16ea58
item_type: 1
item_id: eee5ca1c357641339687091bcc4ab981
item_updated_time: 1749486820124
title_diff: "[]"
body_diff: "[{\"diffs\":[[0,\"oblems\\\n\\\n\"],[1,\"> create a comprehensive report for the following Plot Illustrating development prompt. Remember to be thorough, use methods of easy format understanding such as bolding, italicising, formatting, and bulleting. As well as having a summary section for each component that uses several sentences that gives an overview of the section. Also remember the Table of Contents. MOST IMPORTANTLY WE ARE USING DRAMATICA and ASTRO7EX \\\n\\\nIllustrate the Overall Story's Problem\\\nIMPORTANT: THIS ENTIRE REPORT IS the Story Requirement - this needs to be ANSWERED SPECIFICALLY DUDE\\\nIllustrate how \\\"Inertia\\\" is the source of the Overall Story's problems: \\\n\\\nExplanation: At the heart of every story is a problem that affects every character to some degree. \\\n\\\n\\\nTHEORY: When everything in a potential story is in harmony, there is no conflcit, no message, no progression. \\\n\\\nDefinition: Inertia: a continuation of a state or process\\\nDynamic Pair:  Change: an alteration of a state or process \\\n\\\n----\\\n\\\n- Harold Bloom's Themes in American Literature \\\n\\\n- Early 2000s sci-fi anime archetypes and tropes \\\n\\\n- Robert McKee\\\n\\t- Story\\\n\\t- Character\\\n\\\n- Narrative Astrology \\\n\\t- Narrative Natal Chart\\\n\\t- Transits \\\n\\t- Progressions\\\n \\\n> ok i need you to reference the data below as well as the next post to pick up where we were. Remember what astro7ex is and that we are developing in dramatica. we are going to next illustrate the Concerns. below are two reports which should catch you up with everything and with that you can reference your memory you already have\\\n\\\n\\\n\"]],\"start1\":402,\"start2\":402,\"length1\":8,\"length2\":1538}]"
metadata_diff: {"new":{},"deleted":[]}
encryption_cipher_text: 
encryption_applied: 0
updated_time: 2025-06-09T16:35:31.760Z
created_time: 2025-06-09T16:35:31.760Z
type_: 13