id: 30e97183c2054e8fa3647f482b0d9a2a
parent_id: 51ccc151c58e44b8b73ee4abe55ec0cf
item_type: 1
item_id: ced92be0b2f746d9a063ee352ef7e311
item_updated_time: 1758020027211
title_diff: "[{\"diffs\":[[1,\"01-100\"]],\"start1\":0,\"start2\":0,\"length1\":0,\"length2\":6}]"
body_diff: "[{\"diffs\":[[1,\"---\\\nid: CB-01100\\\nfilename: 01-100.md\\\ntitle: \\\nchapter_index: 1\\\nstep_rank: 100\\\nstatus: draft\\\nupdated: 2025-09-06\\\n---\\\nExercise J - p.15\\\nDescribe Your Movie Like a Bedtime Story\\\n\\\n\\\n\\t* \\\nACT I\\\n\\\n\\\n\\t\\t* \\\nOnce upon a time there was a CYBER-SAVANT who was ARROGANT. When HIS EX-GIRLFRIEND WANTED TO SUE HIM, he WENT TO COMPLETE THE COMPUTER SHE INVESTED IN. Unfortunately, HE BROKE IT INSTEAD. So he decided TO RAISE MORE MONEY HIMSELF. \\\n\\t* \\\nACT IIA\\\n\\\n\\\n\\t\\t* \\\nIn order to take this action, he decided to START UP AN ESCORT COMPANY. Unfortunately, ALL THE ESCORTS FELL IN LOVE WITH THEIR FIRST CLIENT, which caused THE COMPANY TO FAIL. Now he had to SELL DRUGS TO MAKE MONEY or risk GETTING SUED FOR ONE MILLION DOLLARS. \\\n\\t* \\\nACT IIB\\\n\\\n\\\n\\t\\t* \\\nWhen he once wanted to FIND FUNDS TO FINISH Mx86 he now wanted TO FIND A FRIEND. But how could that happen when EVERYONE WANTS HIM ONLY FOR SEX OR MONEY. Filled with FRUSTRATION he LEAVES HIS ONLY FRIEND, IRIS. Bu this only resulted in HIM BEING SERVED PAPERS TO APPEAR IN COURT. \\\n\\t* \\\nACT 3\\\n\\\n\\\n\\t\\t* \\\nFortunately, this helped him to realize HE NEEDS TO SEE PEOPLE BEYOND THE SURFACE TO RELATE TO THEM. All he had to do was WIN IRIS BACK. Using IRIS, and DAHLIA, HIS SKILLS IN SEDUCTION, and THE NEWLY COMPLETED Mx86, He was able to CREATE THE GREATEST COMPUTER EVER. Unfortunately, LILY REFUSED TO BECOME PART OF THE MACHINE. But this time, Quincy USED HUMILITY TO CONVINCE HER TO PARTICIPATE. This resulted in ALL OF THEM BECOMING FILTHY RICH. \\\n\\\n\"]],\"start1\":0,\"start2\":0,\"length1\":0,\"length2\":1468}]"
metadata_diff: {"new":{"id":"ced92be0b2f746d9a063ee352ef7e311","parent_id":"9db17b06d6964206ba370cb4fa4687e9","latitude":"30.43825590","longitude":"-84.28073290","altitude":"0.0000","author":"","source_url":"","is_todo":0,"todo_due":0,"todo_completed":0,"source":"joplin-desktop","source_application":"net.cozic.joplin-desktop","application_data":"","order":0,"markup_language":1,"is_shared":0,"share_id":"","conflict_original_id":"","master_key_id":"","user_data":"","deleted_time":0},"deleted":[]}
encryption_cipher_text: 
encryption_applied: 0
updated_time: 2025-12-06T04:33:43.512Z
created_time: 2025-09-16T10:55:19.191Z
type_: 13