id: 35b54e014c534b90abd3ce1fb5a1e87a
parent_id: 265734907af44fc185bd49be4f138b38
item_type: 1
item_id: 2bcfcde6911243f5bd7bbfd32ea0e7fe
item_updated_time: 1750460729578
title_diff: "[]"
body_diff: "[{\"diffs\":[[0,\">\\\n> \"],[-1,\"Vivian's Dismissal \\\n> IMPORTANT: THIS ENTIRE REPORT IS the Dismissal for Vivian\"],[1,\" Introducing your Impact Character \\\n> IMPORTANT: THIS ENTIRE REPORT IS the MODS introduction - this needs to be ANSWERED SPECIFICALLY DUDE\\\n> Describe how the MODS will be introduced to the audience:\\\n>\\\n> Explanation:  First impressions are always important. \\\n> REMEMBER: That the mods are split up into different personalities. Please fill out accordingly \\\n\\\n> ----\\\n> Use the following sources to support your answer. Provide examples in which the answer is reinforced by the sources below. Use bullet points and clear language. \\\n\\\n> The First Five Pages – Noah Lukeman\\\n> Hooked – Les Edgerton\\\n> Emotional Craft of Fiction by Maass\\\n> Writing Deep Scenes – Martha Alderson & Jordan Rosenfeld\\\n> Writing for Emotional Impact by Iglesias \\\n> - Harold Bloom's Themes in American Literature \\\n> - Joseph Campbell's studies of myth\\\n> - LATE 2000s sci-fi anime archetypes and tropes\\\n>- Robert McKee\\\n\\t- Story\\\n>\\\n> - Narrative Astrology \\\n\\t- Narrative Natal Chart\\\n\\t- Transits \\\n\\t- Progressions\\\n\\\n\\\n--------\\\n\\\n\\\n\\\n> Create a comprehensive report for the following Character Storyweaving prompt. **follow the structure and language style of the “Understanding” report template** Remember to be thorough and use methods that facilitate easy understanding, such as bolding, italicizing, formatting, and bulleting. In addition to a summary section for each component, which provides an overview of the section using several sentences. Also, remember the Table of Contents. MOST IMPORTANTLY, WE ARE USING DRAMATICA and ASTRO7EX \\\n>\\\n> The MODS's interactions with Vivian\\\n> IMPORTANT: THIS ENTIRE REPORT IS the IC Exposition with Vivian this needs to be ANSWERED SPECIFICALLY DUDE\\\n> Describe how the MODS's relationship with  Vivian is established, developed, and resolved. \\\n>\\\n> REMEMBER: *That the mods are split up into different personalities. Please fill out accordingly*\\\n>\\\n> Explanation \\\n> ESTABLISHING RELATIONSHIPS: Before a relationship can develop it needs a starting point from which to grow. \\\n>DEVELOPING RELATIONSHIPS: Once the nature of and potential of a relationship has been established, at some point interactions will take place. \\\n> RESOLVING RELATIONSHIPS: Dramatically, a relationship is meaningless until its outcome is resolved. \\\n> ----\\\n> Use the following sources to support your answer. Provide examples in which the answer is reinforced by the sources below. Use bullet points and clear language. \\\n> The First Five Pages – Noah Lukeman\\\n> Writing Deep Scenes – Martha Alderson & Jordan Rosenfeld\\\n> Hooked – Les Edgerton\\\n> - Harold Bloom's Themes in American Literature \\\n> - Joseph Campbell's studies of myth\\\n> - LATE 2000s sci-fi anime archetypes and tropes\\\n>- Robert McKee\\\n\\t- Story\\\n>\\\n> - Narrative Astrology \\\n\\t- Narrative Natal Chart\\\n\\t- RELATIONSHIP CHARTs\\\n\\t- Transits \\\n\\t- Progressions\\\n\\\n\\\n---------\\\n\\\n\\\n\\\n\\\n> Create a comprehensive report for the following Character Storyweaving prompt. **follow the structure and language style of the “Understanding” report template** Remember to be thorough and use methods that facilitate easy understanding, such as bolding, italicizing, formatting, and bulleting. In addition to a summary section for each component, which provides an overview of the section using several sentences. Also, remember the Table of Contents. MOST IMPORTANTLY, WE ARE USING DRAMATICA and ASTRO7EX \\\n>\\\n> the MODS's Dismissal \\\n> IMPORTANT: THIS ENTIRE REPORT IS the Dismissal for the MODS\"],[0,\"- th\"]],\"start1\":1832,\"start2\":1832,\"length1\":87,\"length2\":3400},{\"diffs\":[[0,\"escribe \"],[-1,\"Vivian\"],[1,\"the MODS\"],[0,\"'s Dismi\"]],\"start1\":5277,\"start2\":5277,\"length1\":22,\"length2\":24},{\"diffs\":[[0,\"issal: \\\n\"],[-1,\">\"],[1,\"\\\n> > REMEMBER: *That the mods are split up into different personalities. Please fill out accordingly*\\\n\"],[0,\"\\\n> Expla\"]],\"start1\":5300,\"start2\":5300,\"length1\":17,\"length2\":118}]"
metadata_diff: {"new":{},"deleted":[]}
encryption_cipher_text: 
encryption_applied: 0
updated_time: 2025-06-20T23:09:17.117Z
created_time: 2025-06-20T23:09:17.117Z
type_: 13