id: 3e96c12c60044e8c9babc6d59d686242
parent_id: 85d7e1d2d3034049bd8652c30a1dfbb3
item_type: 1
item_id: 89fa38c192e449339ef4972af590de91
item_updated_time: 1758019761672
title_diff: "[]"
body_diff: "[{\"diffs\":[[0,\"5-09-06\\\n---\\\n\"],[1,\"\\\nExercise 6 - p.4\\\nThe Main Character Flaw Brainstorm\\\n\\\n\\\n\\t1. \\\nKeeping Quincy's flaw in mind, what's the WORST SITUATION he could find himself in?\\\n\\\n\\t\\t1. \\\nMagnolia destroyed\\\n\\t2. \\\nWhat is the FIRST ACTION Quincy would take?\\\n\\\n\\t\\t1. \\\nHe starts an escort  business with Iris and Jackson. \\\n\\t3. \\\nHow might that action BACKFIRE?\\\n\\\n\\t\\t1. \\\nEveryone falls in love with each other and the business is no longer viable. \\\n\\t4. \\\nWho's the LEAST LIKELY PERSON who might help Quincy or team up with him?\\\n\\\n\\t\\t1. \\\nIris\\\n\\t5. \\\nWhat NEW ACTION might get Iris to push Quincy to take?  \\\n\\\n\\t\\t1. \\\nIris goes to deliver some drugs. This pushes Quincy to want to sell drugs.\\\n\\t6. \\\nWho or what might GET IN THE WAY of this new activity? \\\n\\\n\\t\\t1. \\\nLack of business experience. The vices of both Quincy (alcoholism) and Iris (drugs and Atom)\\\n\\t7. \\\nHow might the flaw of the MC turn into a SKILL? \\\n\\\n\\t\\t1. \\\nHe's able to spot Lily is struggling with an addiction herself. (She's a workaholic)\\\n\\t8. \\\nWhat SURPRISING FINAL ACTION could be taken that is the least-likely thing your character would have originally done?\\\n\\\n\\t\\t1. \\\nHe lets go of his mother and lets three people into his life. \\\n\\\n\"]],\"start1\":102,\"start2\":102,\"length1\":12,\"length2\":1149}]"
metadata_diff: {"new":{},"deleted":[]}
encryption_cipher_text: 
encryption_applied: 0
updated_time: 2025-09-16T10:55:19.128Z
created_time: 2025-09-16T10:55:19.128Z
type_: 13