id: 45d76c5e6d4847afa64df3a0ad987b1e
parent_id: a2e13bebf79f4b7a95872735962a0ab9
item_type: 1
item_id: eee5ca1c357641339687091bcc4ab981
item_updated_time: 1750013406972
title_diff: "[]"
body_diff: "[{\"diffs\":[[0,\"e\\\n\\\n\\\n\"],[-1,\"> Create a comprehensive report for the following Plot Illustrating development prompt.\"],[1,\" > can you answer the following question fully \\\"What is the Optionlock that brings ASTRO7EX to a climax?\\\" its to enter into the Dramatica Story Limit section\\\n\\\n\\\n\\\n> ok please create a report of what we have accomplished with CONCERNS. elaborate on OS Concern, MC Concern, IC Concern, M/I Concern\\\n\\\n> OK, now we are moving on to the next step in the Plot Progressions in the Dramatica methodology. That step is Main Character Plot Progression. Please familiarlize yourself with this step since you are an expert, and provide a review report for me to prepare for what is to come\\\n\\\n\\\n---\\\n\\\n\\\n> Create a comprehensive report for the following Main vs. Impact Story Plot Progression development prompt. **follow the structure and language style of the “Understanding” report template**\"],[0,\" Rem\"]],\"start1\":744,\"start2\":744,\"length1\":95,\"length2\":782},{\"diffs\":[[0,\">\\\n> \"],[-1,\"Illustrate the Overall Story Concern \\\n\"],[1,\"Main vs. Impact Story Plot Signpost 4\\\n> \"],[0,\"IMPO\"]],\"start1\":1869,\"start2\":1869,\"length1\":46,\"length2\":48},{\"diffs\":[[0,\" IS the \"],[-1,\"OS Concern\"],[1,\"M/I Signpost  4\"],[0,\" - this \"]],\"start1\":1942,\"start2\":1942,\"length1\":26,\"length2\":31},{\"diffs\":[[0,\"UDE\\\n\"],[-1,\"Illustrate how every character is concerned with \\\"Understanding\\\" in the Overall Story\\\n>\\\n> Explanation: Within the scenario against which your story takes place, there is an area of shared importance to all the characters in your story. \\\n>\\\n> Overall Story Concern: the purposes or interests sought after by the Overall Characters. \\\n>\\\n> THEORY: Problems can manifest themselves in several ways. Therefore, simply defining the nature of the Problem does not necessarily predict its effect\"],[1,\"> Describe how the Main (Vivian) vs Impact Story (MODS) centers around issues regarding 'Changing One's Nature:'\\\n\\\n> Explanation:  The relationship between the Main Character, Vivian, and Impact Characters, MODS, will climax and conclude  with an exploration of Changing One's Nature listed here as M/I Signpost 4. \\\n>\\\n>\\\n> THEORY: The four signposts of any throughline are the argument of your story like the stages of development are to a growing person\"],[0,\". \\\n>\"],[-1,\"\\\n>\"],[1,\" \"],[0,\"Defi\"]],\"start1\":2008,\"start2\":2008,\"length1\":499,\"length2\":465},{\"diffs\":[[0,\"on: \"],[-1,\"Understand\"],[1,\"  Play\"],[0,\"ing\"],[-1,\":\"],[0,\" a\"],[-1,\"ppreciating the meaning of something. \\\nDynamic Pair:  Gathering Information: gathering information or experience \"],[1,\" Role: temporarily adopting a lifestyle\\\n> Dynamic Pair:  Changing One's Nature: transforming one's nature\"],[0,\"\\\n> -\"]],\"start1\":2477,\"start2\":2477,\"length1\":137,\"length2\":124},{\"diffs\":[[0,\"d tropes\"],[-1,\" \"],[0,\"\\\n>\"],[1,\" \"],[0,\"\\\n>- Robe\"]],\"start1\":2701,\"start2\":2701,\"length1\":19,\"length2\":19},{\"diffs\":[[0,\"tion\"],[-1,\"\\\n\\\n\\\n\\\n> ok please create a report of what we have accomplished with CONCERNS. elaborate on OS Concern, MC Concern, IC Concern, M/I Concern\\\n\\\n> OK, now we are moving on to the next step in the Plot Progressions in the Dramatica methodology. That step is Main Character Plot Progression. Please familiarlize yourself with this step since you are an expert, and provide a review report for me to prepare for what is to come\"]],\"start1\":2987,\"start2\":2987,\"length1\":421,\"length2\":4}]"
metadata_diff: {"new":{},"deleted":[]}
encryption_cipher_text: 
encryption_applied: 0
updated_time: 2025-06-15T18:57:54.718Z
created_time: 2025-06-15T18:57:54.718Z
type_: 13