id: 516f3a060cca45f2959564f7b22d0ac6
parent_id: 
item_type: 1
item_id: 375c8ed4db77444f8f1554155adc5bba
item_updated_time: 1750014103864
title_diff: "[{\"diffs\":[[1,\"PROMPTS\"]],\"start1\":0,\"start2\":0,\"length1\":0,\"length2\":7}]"
body_diff: "[{\"diffs\":[[1,\"> what 2000s media echoes Inertia as the overall story problem. anime, sci-fi, thriller, etc. explain\\\n\\\n> using these influences, create and explain a multitude of possible Overall Story problems that best fit the Dramatica format as well as the vibe of ASTRO7EX and the insipration\\\n\\\n\\\n> ok lets syntehsize it all into several sentences that illustrate how inertia is the source of the Overall Story's Problems\\\n\\\n\\\n \\\n> ok i need you to reference the data below as well as the next post to pick up where we were. Remember what astro7ex is and that we are developing in dramatica. we are going to next illustrate the Concerns. below are two reports which should catch you up with everything and with that you can reference your memory you already have\\\n\\\n\\\n > can you answer the following question fully \\\"What is the Optionlock that brings ASTRO7EX to a climax?\\\" its to enter into the Dramatica Story Limit section\\\n\\\n\\\n\\\n> ok please create a report of what we have accomplished with CONCERNS. elaborate on OS Concern, MC Concern, IC Concern, M/I Concern\\\n\\\n> OK, now we are moving on to the next step in the Plot Progressions in the Dramatica methodology. That step is Main Character Plot Progression. Please familiarlize yourself with this step since you are an expert, and provide a review report for me to prepare for what is to come\\\n\\\n\\\n---\\\n\\\n\\\n> Create a comprehensive report for the following Main vs. Impact Story Plot Progression development prompt. **follow the structure and language style of the “Understanding” report template** Remember to be thorough and use methods that facilitate easy understanding, such as bolding, italicizing, formatting, and bulleting. In addition to a summary section for each component, which provides an overview of the section using several sentences. Also, remember the Table of Contents. MOST IMPORTANTLY, WE ARE USING DRAMATICA and ASTRO7EX \\\n>\\\n> Main vs. Impact Story Plot Signpost 4\\\n> IMPORTANT: THIS ENTIRE REPORT IS the M/I Signpost  4 - this needs to be ANSWERED SPECIFICALLY DUDE\\\n> Describe how the Main (Vivian) vs Impact Story (MODS) centers around issues regarding 'Changing One's Nature:'\\\n\\\n> Explanation:  The relationship between the Main Character, Vivian, and Impact Characters, MODS, will climax and conclude  with an exploration of Changing One's Nature listed here as M/I Signpost 4. \\\n>\\\n>\\\n> THEORY: The four signposts of any throughline are the argument of your story like the stages of development are to a growing person. \\\n> Definition:   Playing a Role: temporarily adopting a lifestyle\\\n> Dynamic Pair:  Changing One's Nature: transforming one's nature\\\n> ----\\\n>\\\n> - Harold Bloom's Themes in American Literature \\\n>\\\n> - Early 2000s sci-fi anime archetypes and tropes\\\n> \\\n>- Robert McKee\\\n\\t- Story\\\n\\t- Character\\\n>\\\n> - Narrative Astrology \\\n\\t- Narrative Natal Chart\\\n\\t- Transits \\\n\\t- Progressions\\\n\\\n\\\n > can you answer the following question fully \\\"What is the Optionlock that brings ASTRO7EX to a climax?\\\" its to enter into the Dramatica Story Limit section\\\n\\\n\\\n\\\n> Create a comprehensive report for the following OS Theme Development prompt. **follow the structure and language style of the “Understanding” report template** Remember to be thorough and use methods that facilitate easy understanding, such as bolding, italicizing, formatting, and bulleting. In addition to a summary section for each component, which provides an overview of the section using several sentences. Also, remember the Table of Contents. MOST IMPORTANTLY, WE ARE USING DRAMATICA and ASTRO7EX \\\n>\\\n> Illustrate the Overall Story Issue\\\n> IMPORTANT: THIS ENTIRE REPORT IS the OS Issue - this needs to be ANSWERED SPECIFICALLY DUDE\\\n> Describe how thematic issues regarding 'Conditioning' affect everyone in ASTRO7EX\\\n\\\n> How do you want the audience to feel about 'Conditioning' in 'ASTRO7EX? Answer using the scale below, and elaborate on the answer. \\\n> On an 11 point spectrum scale ranging from on one side Advantageous, in the middle, Neutral, and on the further side, Disadventageous, \\\n \\\n\\\n> Explanation:  'Conditioning' determines the category of subject matter that willbe explored in your Overall Story's theme. \\\n>\\\n>\\\n> THEORY: There is nor ight or wrong way to evaluate a problem. \\\n> Definition:   Conditioning: responses based on experience or training \\\n> Dynamic Pair:  Instinct, intrinsic unconditioned responses. \\\n> ----\\\n>\\\n> - Harold Bloom's Themes in American Literature \\\n> - Joseph Campbell's studies of myth\\\n> - ADD SECTIONS ON THEORY & CRITICISM \\\n> - Early 2000s sci-fi anime archetypes and tropes\\\n> \\\n>- Robert McKee\\\n\\t- Story\\\n\\t- Character\\\n>\\\n> - Narrative Astrology \\\n\\t- Narrative Natal Chart\\\n\\t- Transits \\\n\\t- Progressions\\\n\\\n\\\n > can you answer the following question fully \\\"What is the Optionlock that brings ASTRO7EX to a climax?\\\" its to enter into the Dramatica Story Limit section\"]],\"start1\":0,\"start2\":0,\"length1\":0,\"length2\":4796}]"
metadata_diff: {"new":{"id":"375c8ed4db77444f8f1554155adc5bba","parent_id":"1deedc70024a4fedbd88ff1a9556b407","latitude":"30.43825590","longitude":"-84.28073290","altitude":"0.0000","author":"","source_url":"","is_todo":0,"todo_due":0,"todo_completed":0,"source":"joplin-desktop","source_application":"net.cozic.joplin-desktop","application_data":"","order":0,"markup_language":1,"is_shared":0,"share_id":"","conflict_original_id":"","master_key_id":"","user_data":"","deleted_time":0},"deleted":[]}
encryption_cipher_text: 
encryption_applied: 0
updated_time: 2025-06-16T04:49:23.525Z
created_time: 2025-06-16T04:49:23.525Z
type_: 13