id: 6a14a2e24a3e43d2b70a94e8f09b98d8
parent_id: 2dac416282af4fa98cf3c4495790926c
item_type: 1
item_id: 499be22f4bbe4d5194695ba01169d6cb
item_updated_time: 1758084536532
title_diff: "[]"
body_diff: "[{\"diffs\":[[0,\"5-09-06\\\n\"],[1,\"\\\n---\\\n\\\nExercise T\\\n\\\nBEAT-SHEET NONLINEAR STRUCTURE REWRITE\\\nInstead of restructuring your entire script after it’s written, you can use your beat sheet to mix and\\\nmatch sequences. Try one or more of these options and see if a nonlinear method of storytelling will\\\nwork for you.\\\n1. REVERSE YOUR SEQUENCES: See what happens if you move backward from Sequence\\\n8 to Sequence 1.\\\n2. INSERT PART OF SEQUENCE 8 INTO SEQUENCE 1: Set a Sequence 1 goal by leading\\\nwith a “flash” of Sequence 8. Then you can build back up to 8 again. By the time we get to\\\nthe event we started with, we’ll have an entirely new perspective.\\\n3. JUMP TIME: Mix and match sequences to create nonlinear jumps in time and place. (Just\\\nread it over when you’re finished to make sure that the story still tracks.)\\\n4. CHANGE MAIN CHARACTERS PER SEQUENCE: If this is an ensemble movie and you\\\nwant to switch character point of view per sequence, try it here and see how it reads.\\\n5. CREATE PLACES WHERE CHARACTERS CONVERGE: If you do choose to branch off\\\ninto different directions, eventually bring your key characters together at key places in your\\\nbeat sheet (act breaks or sequence breaks) in order to show a physical or thematic\\\nconnection between them.\"]],\"start1\":99,\"start2\":99,\"length1\":8,\"length2\":1223}]"
metadata_diff: {"new":{},"deleted":[]}
encryption_cipher_text: 
encryption_applied: 0
updated_time: 2025-09-17T04:55:19.661Z
created_time: 2025-09-17T04:55:19.661Z
type_: 13