id: 822192eae3fa40af80835dcdb8740768
parent_id: 45d76c5e6d4847afa64df3a0ad987b1e
item_type: 1
item_id: eee5ca1c357641339687091bcc4ab981
item_updated_time: 1750014054034
title_diff: "[]"
body_diff: "[{\"diffs\":[[0,\"ramatica Story Limit section\"],[1,\"\\\n\\\n\\\n\\\n> Create a comprehensive report for the following OS Theme Development prompt. **follow the structure and language style of the “Understanding” report template** Remember to be thorough and use methods that facilitate easy understanding, such as bolding, italicizing, formatting, and bulleting. In addition to a summary section for each component, which provides an overview of the section using several sentences. Also, remember the Table of Contents. MOST IMPORTANTLY, WE ARE USING DRAMATICA and ASTRO7EX \\\n>\\\n> Illustrate the Overall Story Issue\\\n> IMPORTANT: THIS ENTIRE REPORT IS the OS Issue - this needs to be ANSWERED SPECIFICALLY DUDE\\\n> Describe how thematic issues regarding 'Conditioning' affect everyone in ASTRO7EX\\\n\\\n> How do you want the audience to feel about 'Conditioning' in 'ASTRO7EX? Answer using the scale below, and elaborate on the answer. \\\n> On an 11 point spectrum scale ranging from on one side Advantageous, in the middle, Neutral, and on the further side, Disadventageous, \\\n \\\n\\\n> Explanation:  'Conditioning' determines the category of subject matter that willbe explored in your Overall Story's theme. \\\n>\\\n>\\\n> THEORY: There is nor ight or wrong way to evaluate a problem. \\\n> Definition:   Conditioning: responses based on experience or training \\\n> Dynamic Pair:  Instinct, intrinsic unconditioned responses. \\\n> ----\\\n>\\\n> - Harold Bloom's Themes in American Literature \\\n> - Joseph Campbell's studies of myth\\\n> - ADD SECTIONS ON THEORY & CRITICISM \\\n> - Early 2000s sci-fi anime archetypes and tropes\\\n> \\\n>- Robert McKee\\\n\\t- Story\\\n\\t- Character\\\n>\\\n> - Narrative Astrology \\\n\\t- Narrative Natal Chart\\\n\\t- Transits \\\n\\t- Progressions\\\n\\\n\\\n > can you answer the following question fully \\\"What is the Optionlock that brings ASTRO7EX to a climax?\\\" its to enter into the Dramatica Story Limit section\"]],\"start1\":2963,\"start2\":2963,\"length1\":28,\"length2\":1833}]"
metadata_diff: {"new":{},"deleted":[]}
encryption_cipher_text: 
encryption_applied: 0
updated_time: 2025-06-16T04:49:23.501Z
created_time: 2025-06-16T04:49:23.501Z
type_: 13