id: a69a68846ddf4579a06737ae7d7b179c
parent_id: 
item_type: 1
item_id: 6297828487dd4173a79de6fb11f7c714
item_updated_time: 1751443860766
title_diff: "[{\"diffs\":[[1,\"PROMPTS\"]],\"start1\":0,\"start2\":0,\"length1\":0,\"length2\":7}]"
body_diff: "[{\"diffs\":[[1,\"\\\n> ok please create a report of what we have accomplished with Fiona's exposition. Elaborate on each individual component developed\\\n\\\n> OK, now we are moving on to the next step in Storyweaving n the Dramatica methodology. That step is Plot Exposition. Please familiarize yourself with this step since you are an expert, and provide a review report for me to prepare for what is to come\\\n\\\n\\\n> ok i need you to reference the data below as well as the next post to pick up where we were. Remember what astro7ex is and that we are developing in dramatica. we are going to next illustrate the Concerns. below are two reports which should catch you up with everything and with that you can reference your memory you already have\\\n\\\n\\\n\\\n> Create a comprehensive report for the following  Plot Exposition prompt. **follow the structure and language style of the “Understanding” report template** Remember to be thorough and use methods that facilitate easy understanding, such as bolding, italicizing, formatting, and bulleting. In addition to a summary section for each component, which provides an overview of the section using several sentences. Also, remember the Table of Contents. MOST IMPORTANTLY, WE ARE USING DRAMATICA and ASTRO7EX \\\n>\\\n> Exposition of the Story Goal\\\n> IMPORTANT: THIS ENTIRE REPORT IS the Exposition of the Story Goal- this needs to be ANSWERED SPECIFICALLY DUDE\\\n> Describe how the Story Goal of *Understanding* will unfold in your plot\\\n> REMEMBER: That the mods are split up into different personalities. Please fill out accordingly \\\n\\\n> Explanation:  Using a conceptual description or a series of events, illustrate how you will reveal this Plot Point to your audience and how it impacts the course of the plot. \\\n> THEORY: Although Plot Points remain the same throughout a story, you may choose to obscure or withhold their nature from the audience as a means of suspense or intrigue. \\\n\\\n> ----\\\n> Use the following sources to support your answer. Provide examples in which the answer is reinforced by the sources below. Use bullet points and clear language. \\\n> Shakespeare\\\n> Story by Robert McKee \\\n> The Soul of Screenplay by Keith Cunningham \\\n> Writing for Emotional Impact by Karl Iglesias \\\n> Writing Deep Scenes – Martha Alderson & Jordan Rosenfeld\\\n>> - Harold Bloom's Themes in American Literature \\\n> - LATE 2000s sci-fi anime archetypes and tropes\\\n>\\\n> - Narrative Astrology \\\n\\t- Narrative Natal Chart\\\n\\t- Transits \\\n\\t- Progressions\"]],\"start1\":0,\"start2\":0,\"length1\":0,\"length2\":2444}]"
metadata_diff: {"new":{"id":"6297828487dd4173a79de6fb11f7c714","parent_id":"585173a18e774a95bae0d392f8d3e478","latitude":"30.43825590","longitude":"-84.28073290","altitude":"0.0000","author":"","source_url":"","is_todo":0,"todo_due":0,"todo_completed":0,"source":"joplin-desktop","source_application":"net.cozic.joplin-desktop","application_data":"","order":0,"markup_language":1,"is_shared":0,"share_id":"","conflict_original_id":"","master_key_id":"","user_data":"","deleted_time":0},"deleted":[]}
encryption_cipher_text: 
encryption_applied: 0
updated_time: 2025-07-02T08:18:28.269Z
created_time: 2025-07-02T08:18:28.269Z
type_: 13