id: aa89a1a26a8d4dbc98317bd19131f13c
parent_id: 4bc2c92b03ca4f72bce07e0bb5296120
item_type: 1
item_id: eee5ca1c357641339687091bcc4ab981
item_updated_time: 1750007838209
title_diff: "[{\"diffs\":[[1,\"PROMPTS\"]],\"start1\":0,\"start2\":0,\"length1\":0,\"length2\":7}]"
body_diff: "[{\"diffs\":[[1,\"> what 2000s media echoes Inertia as the overall story problem. anime, sci-fi, thriller, etc. explain\\\n\\\n> using these influences, create and explain a multitude of possible Overall Story problems that best fit the Dramatica format as well as the vibe of ASTRO7EX and the insipration\\\n\\\n\\\n> ok lets syntehsize it all into several sentences that illustrate how inertia is the source of the Overall Story's Problems\\\n\\\n\\\n \\\n> ok i need you to reference the data below as well as the next post to pick up where we were. Remember what astro7ex is and that we are developing in dramatica. we are going to next illustrate the Concerns. below are two reports which should catch you up with everything and with that you can reference your memory you already have\\\n\\\n\\\n> Create a comprehensive report for the following Plot Illustrating development prompt. Remember to be thorough and use methods that facilitate easy understanding, such as bolding, italicizing, formatting, and bulleting. In addition to a summary section for each component, which provides an overview of the section using several sentences. Also, remember the Table of Contents. MOST IMPORTANTLY, WE ARE USING DRAMATICA and ASTRO7EX \\\n>\\\n> Illustrate the Overall Story Concern \\\nIMPORTANT: THIS ENTIRE REPORT IS the OS Concern - this needs to be ANSWERED SPECIFICALLY DUDE\\\nIllustrate how every character is concerned with \\\"Understanding\\\" in the Overall Story\\\n>\\\n> Explanation: Within the scenario against which your story takes place, there is an area of shared importance to all the characters in your story. \\\n>\\\n> Overall Story Concern: the purposes or interests sought after by the Overall Characters. \\\n>\\\n> THEORY: Problems can manifest themselves in several ways. Therefore, simply defining the nature of the Problem does not necessarily predict its effect. \\\n>\\\n>Definition: Understanding: appreciating the meaning of something. \\\nDynamic Pair:  Gathering Information: gathering information or experience \\\n> ----\\\n>\\\n> - Harold Bloom's Themes in American Literature \\\n>\\\n> - Early 2000s sci-fi anime archetypes and tropes \\\n>\\\n>- Robert McKee\\\n\\t- Story\\\n\\t- Character\\\n>\\\n> - Narrative Astrology \\\n\\t- Narrative Natal Chart\\\n\\t- Transits \\\n\\t- Progressions\\\n\\\n\\\n > can you answer the following question fully \\\"What is the Optionlock that brings ASTRO7EX to a climax?\\\" its to enter into the Dramatica Story Limit section\\\n\\\n\\\n\\\n> ok please create a report of what we have accomplished with CONCERNS. elaborate on OS Concern, MC Concern, IC Concern, M/I Concern\"]],\"start1\":0,\"start2\":0,\"length1\":0,\"length2\":2480}]"
metadata_diff: {"new":{"id":"eee5ca1c357641339687091bcc4ab981","parent_id":"04e810fd3cbb438c9182ec9f47e38d87","latitude":"30.43825590","longitude":"-84.28073290","altitude":"0.0000","author":"","source_url":"","is_todo":0,"todo_due":0,"todo_completed":0,"source":"joplin-desktop","source_application":"net.cozic.joplin-desktop","application_data":"","order":0,"markup_language":1,"is_shared":0,"share_id":"","conflict_original_id":"","master_key_id":"","user_data":"","deleted_time":0},"deleted":[]}
encryption_cipher_text: 
encryption_applied: 0
updated_time: 2025-09-07T20:00:55.344Z
created_time: 2025-06-15T17:17:54.611Z
type_: 13