id: b933b1b45308472188280b69cec1d066
parent_id: 0b65d98b7b314e54bb69533dd5d7d41d
item_type: 1
item_id: aba9d206ddb145629bbd09ad60562cef
item_updated_time: 1746969543429
title_diff: "[]"
body_diff: "[{\"diffs\":[[0,\" operate\"],[1,\". it also serves as the largest non-synthetic nutrient and protein producer in the world. The largest and most advanced cosmodrome is in africa. Africa is seen as the new land of opportunity. Where one can be and do anything from augmentation to getting a chance to live a life under the thumb. Each major techno-country has home base placed here, the starting off point to space. The techno-sates effectively run a nightwatchmen style governace where  societies are allowed to freely prosper and interact where the techno-countries only interefere to etither extract potent data and information or to quell any dissodants, violence, war, or anything that could affect the supply chain to space. \\\n\\\n25 years ago, first impact, basically an ultra intelligent Ai which some say incorporates secret xenobiology or brains of syntetic clone humans....a secret abandoned fascility is unearthed despite what humans nearly 1000 years ago thought would be like 'ayo don't come closer'. After revealing the secret facility, the team unfortunately powers up something called a neutrino trap. and the true secret....1000 years ago humanity went extinct. but it was saved, and reseeded by a mysterious xenospecies to regrow on earth. however, dispite how advanced they were, they could not find a way to destroy the tech that decimated old humanity without also destroying itself. So they buried it. Under Antartica.\"],[0,\" \"]],\"start1\":2740,\"start2\":2740,\"length1\":9,\"length2\":1411}]"
metadata_diff: {"new":{},"deleted":[]}
encryption_cipher_text: 
encryption_applied: 0
updated_time: 2025-05-11T13:19:11.796Z
created_time: 2025-05-11T13:19:11.796Z
type_: 13