id: bab2edb1c1b04554a79f67b64d6eaa86
parent_id: eab5b62fb633470db88ef47aa20fce16
item_type: 1
item_id: e0311d14f47441f9ba6cc594b6df3c4a
item_updated_time: 1763733818039
title_diff: "[]"
body_diff: "[{\"diffs\":[[0,\" Out.”**\"],[1,\"\\\n## Loot to Live, Don't Live to Loot. \"],[0,\"\\\n\\\nFor ea\"]],\"start1\":1705,\"start2\":1705,\"length1\":16,\"length2\":54},{\"diffs\":[[0,\" blue materials.\"],[1,\"\\\n\\\n\\\n---\\\n\\\n# solo fine tips\\\n\\\n     Tossing a couple snitch scanners and a lure directly on a raider's position will scare the ♥♥♥♥ out of them.\\\n    Use an explosive mine coupled with a trigger grenade on a fancy loot spot, toss in a flare as bait.\\\n    Gas traps have big red lasers so they catch the eye. Use them to funnel approaching raiders down a certain path, you can use it as well to make friends by getting behind them and scaring them with a \\\"DON'T SHOOT\\\".\\\n    Blocking doors throughout facilities to either funnel towards your ambush, or force a raider to breach through them making noise, giving their position away for ambush in either case.\\\n    While we're on gas traps, use them to create a kind of laser maze through a tunnel, not necessarily to hunt people but it could be fun.\\\n    And I ♥♥♥♥ you not this actually works: Use a showstopper or hornet cell to ground a rockie, climb on and you can throw lures to travel around the region.\\\n\\\n\\\nTurning a building into a fortress can be done fast, and in parallel to gathering loot. Since the trap sounds are much quieter and less familiar to raider ears, you can often get away with this while someone else is in the building.\\\n\\\n# skill spread strategies\\\n\\\nDon't spread your Skill Points too thin. Decide what kind of Raider you are and commit:\\\n• The Brawler (Conditioning): Invest in stamina and health. You want to run longer, dodge more, and shrug off damage. Bring heavy armor and weapons.\\\n\\\n• The Ghost (Survival): Invest in quiet movement and resourcefulness. Make no noise when you loot. Use stealth and terrain to avoid fights and only take engagements on your terms.\\\n\\\n• The Runner (Mobility): Invest in faster climbing, longer dodges, and quick traversal. You are never standing still, always repositioning and flanking.\\\n\"]],\"start1\":6395,\"start2\":6395,\"length1\":16,\"length2\":1800}]"
metadata_diff: {"new":{},"deleted":[]}
encryption_cipher_text: 
encryption_applied: 0
updated_time: 2025-11-21T14:05:05.265Z
created_time: 2025-11-21T14:05:05.265Z
type_: 13