1.1 answers

1.1 answers

1) C
2) just me as a knowledge backend to then incorporate with other tools (api or whatever) basically a way to create characters based on the astrology.
3) Read heavy queries/analytics like "which sign/..."
4) extensibility

1.2 answers 
5) also user birth data
6) store only results
7) somewhat granular. sun in aries, and the housess. perhaps leave some extensibility for later development
8) standard aspects and minor aspects
i have no idea what orbs per aspect means. explain
yes distinctions. i'd like you to elaborate more on this so that i can understand the question better. 
9) that will be future work. but would be nice to know more about your thoughts
10) i have no idea. so the guiding policy is that this will be a model to develop narrative characters. this is one of the sort of deep archiitecture that will eventually relate to other character models almost like a node like architecture in terms of building the blueprint or whatever to call it. 

1.3 answers
11) content management structure
12) this planet rules that sign. 
13) fuck that i'm an american english speaker 
14) version history would be would be nice. attribution to lets say an .md document or external knowledgebase wiki for more elaborative and conceptual knowledge and operational 

1.4 answers
15. no these are fake people. fictional characters in an IP
16. Yes ueser events. 

1.5 answers
17) I'm the only user. but potentially tens of hundreds of characters. i don't know if the rest is applicable

18) i want it to be locally hosted on hardware. my go to example is the program Path of Building
19) relational core. if that correlates to the node like manipulation i suggested earlier. but that may be something completely different.
20) flexible/extensible structures

1.6 answers
21) not to talk to other programs, but some way for this program to have its own api to talk to others would be great
22) faced search. i have no idea what the rest of what you said means

1.7 answers
23. its just me
24. leave that as a future extension. i have no idea what you're talking about
25. tooling first and foremost. education will be something later. for now we can link to a sepaparte knowledgebase or idk man, what do you think? should there be references within the program lkind of like a codex in a video game? 



id: d5145b22da5e46bf85359ef81a18125a
parent_id: 5e3d152af2fc448698fba95b41ef34be
created_time: 2025-11-18T09:35:38.213Z
updated_time: 2025-11-18T09:50:22.088Z
is_conflict: 0
latitude: 30.43825590
longitude: -84.28073290
altitude: 0.0000
author: 
source_url: 
is_todo: 0
todo_due: 0
todo_completed: 0
source: joplin-desktop
source_application: net.cozic.joplin-desktop
application_data: 
order: 0
user_created_time: 2025-11-18T09:35:38.213Z
user_updated_time: 2025-11-18T09:50:22.088Z
encryption_cipher_text: 
encryption_applied: 0
markup_language: 1
is_shared: 0
share_id: 
conflict_original_id: 
master_key_id: 
user_data: 
deleted_time: 0
type_: 1