id: e316bba755004a97b4254cc34711396f
parent_id: cfed0730a862403f85bb4db176018d72
item_type: 1
item_id: 677eaf78a5324d91add25b0bd9e3faa8
item_updated_time: 1750775446008
title_diff: "[]"
body_diff: "[{\"diffs\":[[0,\"y have\\\n\\\n\"],[1,\"\\\n\\\n> Create a comprehensive report for the following  Plot Exposition prompt. **follow the structure and language style of the “Understanding” report template** Remember to be thorough and use methods that facilitate easy understanding, such as bolding, italicizing, formatting, and bulleting. In addition to a summary section for each component, which provides an overview of the section using several sentences. Also, remember the Table of Contents. MOST IMPORTANTLY, WE ARE USING DRAMATICA and ASTRO7EX \\\n>\\\n> Exposition of the Story Goal\\\n> IMPORTANT: THIS ENTIRE REPORT IS the Exposition of the Story Goal- this needs to be ANSWERED SPECIFICALLY DUDE\\\n> Describe how the Story Goal of *Understanding* will unfold in your plot\\\n\\\n\\\n> Explanation:  Using a conceptual description or a series of events, illustrate how you will reveal this Plot Point to your audience and how it impacts the course of the plot. \\\n> THEORY: Although Plot Points remain the same throughout a story, you may choose to obscure or withhold their nature from the audience as a means of suspense or intrigue. \\\n\\\n> ----\\\n> Use the following sources to support your answer. Provide examples in which the answer is reinforced by the sources below. Use bullet points and clear language. \\\n> Shakespeare\\\n> Story by Robert McKee \\\n> The Soul of Screenplay by Keith Cunningham \\\n> Writing for Emotional Impact by Karl Iglesias \\\n> Writing Deep Scenes – Martha Alderson & Jordan Rosenfeld\\\n>> - Harold Bloom's Themes in American Literature \\\n> - LATE 2000s sci-fi anime archetypes and tropes\\\n>\\\n> - Narrative Astrology \\\n\\t- Narrative Natal Chart\\\n\\t- Transits \\\n\\t- Progressions\"]],\"start1\":714,\"start2\":714,\"length1\":8,\"length2\":1633}]"
metadata_diff: {"new":{},"deleted":[]}
encryption_cipher_text: 
encryption_applied: 0
updated_time: 2025-06-24T14:38:09.495Z
created_time: 2025-06-24T14:38:09.495Z
type_: 13