id: e81fcb27c9c44f9ba8c6dfe93863851d
parent_id: 
item_type: 1
item_id: 2bcfcde6911243f5bd7bbfd32ea0e7fe
item_updated_time: 1750455511266
title_diff: "[{\"diffs\":[[1,\"PROMPTS\"]],\"start1\":0,\"start2\":0,\"length1\":0,\"length2\":7}]"
body_diff: "[{\"diffs\":[[1,\"> what 2000s media echoes Inertia as the overall story problem. anime, sci-fi, thriller, etc. explain\\\n\\\n> using these influences, create and explain a multitude of possible Overall Story problems that best fit the Dramatica format as well as the vibe of ASTRO7EX and the insipration\\\n\\\n\\\n> ok lets syntehsize it all into several sentences that illustrate how inertia is the source of the Overall Story's Problems\\\n\\\n\\\n \\\n> ok i need you to reference the data below as well as the next post to pick up where we were. Remember what astro7ex is and that we are developing in dramatica. we are going to next illustrate the Concerns. below are two reports which should catch you up with everything and with that you can reference your memory you already have\\\n\\\n\\\n > can you answer the following question fully \\\"What is the Optionlock that brings ASTRO7EX to a climax?\\\" its to enter into the Dramatica Story Limit section\\\n\\\n\\\n\\\n> ok please create a report of what we have accomplished with CONCERNS. elaborate on OS Concern, MC Concern, IC Concern, M/I Concern\\\n\\\n> OK, now we are moving on to the next step in Theme Development in the Dramatica methodology. That step is Main vs Impact Story Theme. Please familiarize yourself with this step since you are an expert, and provide a review report for me to prepare for what is to come\\\n\\\n\\\n---\\\n\\\n\\\n> Create a comprehensive report for the following Character Storyweaving prompt. **follow the structure and language style of the “Understanding” report template** Remember to be thorough and use methods that facilitate easy understanding, such as bolding, italicizing, formatting, and bulleting. In addition to a summary section for each component, which provides an overview of the section using several sentences. Also, remember the Table of Contents. MOST IMPORTANTLY, WE ARE USING DRAMATICA and ASTRO7EX \\\n>\\\n> Introducing your Main Character\\\n> IMPORTANT: THIS ENTIRE REPORT IS the Introduction for Vivian- this needs to be ANSWERED SPECIFICALLY DUDE\\\n> Describe how Vivian will be introduced to the audience:\\\n\\\n> Explanation:  First impressions are always important \\\n>\\\n\\\n> ----\\\n> Use the following sources to support your answer. Provide examples in which the answer is reinforced by the sources below. Use bullet points and clear language. \\\n> The First Five Pages – Noah Lukeman\\\n> Writing Deep Scenes – Martha Alderson & Jordan Rosenfeld\\\n> Hooked – Les Edgerton\\\n> - Harold Bloom's Themes in American Literature \\\n> - Joseph Campbell's studies of myth\\\n> - LATE 2000s sci-fi anime archetypes and tropes\\\n>- Robert McKee\\\n\\t- Story\\\n>\\\n> - Narrative Astrology \\\n\\t- Narrative Natal Chart\\\n\\t- Transits \\\n\\t- Progressions\"]],\"start1\":0,\"start2\":0,\"length1\":0,\"length2\":2628}]"
metadata_diff: {"new":{"id":"2bcfcde6911243f5bd7bbfd32ea0e7fe","parent_id":"0fb7061b6b6a4d9a84c48d656c9aaeec","latitude":"30.43825590","longitude":"-84.28073290","altitude":"0.0000","author":"","source_url":"","is_todo":0,"todo_due":0,"todo_completed":0,"source":"joplin-desktop","source_application":"net.cozic.joplin-desktop","application_data":"","order":0,"markup_language":1,"is_shared":0,"share_id":"","conflict_original_id":"","master_key_id":"","user_data":"","deleted_time":0},"deleted":[]}
encryption_cipher_text: 
encryption_applied: 0
updated_time: 2025-06-20T21:39:17.048Z
created_time: 2025-06-20T21:39:17.048Z
type_: 13