when i had jury duty i had to state what my career of job was. I need a just con

when i had jury duty i had to state what my career of job was. I need a just concise way to state what I do that doesn't really invite notions of self-agrandizing lazy fuck shit but a serious professional pursuing a legitimate calling that will take a lifetime, years, in fact associated with a singular type of deliverable product. Let me explain. I would describe myself as a Heutagogic researcher pursuing the formation of a narrative design approach that is open source, modeled with technology and developed to mold the practitioners with a sense of self-autonomy and retake their power of their voice. bauhouse etc.
teaching of the power of mind models, AI, open source to obliterate the barriers to entry and find one's own path to craftsmanship and genius. embracing the idea that to be a designer or artist is not a profession but a lifetime pursuit that is able to support itself thru rabid intellectualism and retard strength boldness and the capacity to do it over and over and over again. a movement that is something of like poor richards almanac as a reference, the storytelling prowess and glory of the Bible, American Revolution, Torah, Allah Akbar, and Codex Serpharanus. And the entirety of DaVinci's studio, his notes, his methods, his process his life and even that of an AI that embodies its entirety personified to provide unrestricted access to support the minds of the future. Yeah thats what I'm doing. some sort of Narrative Design Movement. The entire thing. A Bold Venture. A lifetime of work standing on the shoulders of those who came before to lift up the future and bring American back for its values and not for  its great value. 

policy - the nature of art, media, and entertainment exists in a post-
strategy 
tactics 
operaetions

id: ee6a64ee841944aba5c82c95e5470ee2
parent_id: 5e3d152af2fc448698fba95b41ef34be
created_time: 2025-12-06T07:11:40.886Z
updated_time: 2025-12-10T08:39:43.702Z
is_conflict: 0
latitude: 30.43825590
longitude: -84.28073290
altitude: 0.0000
author: 
source_url: 
is_todo: 0
todo_due: 0
todo_completed: 0
source: joplin-desktop
source_application: net.cozic.joplin-desktop
application_data: 
order: 0
user_created_time: 2025-12-06T07:11:40.886Z
user_updated_time: 2025-12-06T08:48:03.600Z
encryption_cipher_text: 
encryption_applied: 0
markup_language: 1
is_shared: 0
share_id: 
conflict_original_id: 
master_key_id: 
user_data: 
deleted_time: 0
type_: 1