id: f89af09387df409683c5066cf021fae7
parent_id: 1ee12e0c560c4fc4b71067e32e9e5545
item_type: 1
item_id: d5145b22da5e46bf85359ef81a18125a
item_updated_time: 1763459240319
title_diff: "[]"
body_diff: "[{\"diffs\":[[0,\"ults\\\n7) \"],[-1,\"\\\n\"],[1,\"somewhat granular. sun in aries, and the housess. perhaps leave some extensibility for later development\\\n8) standard aspects and minor aspects\\\ni have no idea what orbs per aspect means. explain\\\nyes distinctions. i'd like you to elaborate more on this so that i can understand the question better. \\\n9) that will be future work. but would be nice to know more about your thoughts\\\n10) i have no idea. so the guiding policy is that this will be a model to develop narrative characters. this is one of the sort of deep archiitecture that will eventually relate to other character models almost like a node like architecture in terms of building the blueprint or whatever to call it. \\\n\\\n1.3 answers\\\n11) content management structure\\\n12) this planet rules that sign. \\\n13) fuck that i'm an american english speaker \\\n14) version history would be would be nice. attribution to lets say an .md document or external knowledgebase wiki for more elaborative and conceptual knowledge and operational \\\n\\\n1.4 answers\\\n15. no these are fake people. fictional characters in an IP\\\n16. Yes ueser events. \\\n\\\n1.5\\\n17) I'm the only user. but potentially tens of hundreds of characters. i don't know if the rest is applicable\\\n\\\n18) i want it to be locally hosted on hardware. my go to example is the program Path of Building\\\n19) relational core. if that correlates to the node like manipulation i suggested earlier. but that may be something completely different.\\\n20) \"]],\"start1\":294,\"start2\":294,\"length1\":9,\"length2\":1444}]"
metadata_diff: {"new":{},"deleted":[]}
encryption_cipher_text: 
encryption_applied: 0
updated_time: 2025-11-18T09:47:25.447Z
created_time: 2025-11-18T09:47:25.447Z
type_: 13