id: f96d6ecbfe664e439ddbe7ab6fd0b989
parent_id: 
item_type: 1
item_id: 0ea2b55accc144cea5c913f19c9b3e0d
item_updated_time: 1750014119078
title_diff: "[{\"diffs\":[[1,\"os issue prompt\"]],\"start1\":0,\"start2\":0,\"length1\":0,\"length2\":15}]"
body_diff: "[{\"diffs\":[[1,\"\\\n> Create a comprehensive report for the following OS Theme Development prompt. **follow the structure and language style of the “Understanding” report template** Remember to be thorough and use methods that facilitate easy understanding, such as bolding, italicizing, formatting, and bulleting. In addition to a summary section for each component, which provides an overview of the section using several sentences. Also, remember the Table of Contents. MOST IMPORTANTLY, WE ARE USING DRAMATICA and ASTRO7EX \\\n>\\\n> Illustrate the Overall Story Issue\\\n> IMPORTANT: THIS ENTIRE REPORT IS the OS Issue - this needs to be ANSWERED SPECIFICALLY DUDE\\\n> Describe how thematic issues regarding 'Conditioning' affect everyone in ASTRO7EX\\\n\\\n> How do you want the audience to feel about 'Conditioning' in 'ASTRO7EX? Answer using the scale below, and elaborate on the answer. \\\n> On an 11 point spectrum scale ranging from on one side Advantageous, in the middle, Neutral, and on the further side, Disadventageous, \\\n \\\n\\\n> Explanation:  'Conditioning' determines the category of subject matter that willbe explored in your Overall Story's theme. \\\n>\\\n>\\\n> THEORY: There is nor ight or wrong way to evaluate a problem. \\\n> Definition:   Conditioning: responses based on experience or training \\\n> Dynamic Pair:  Instinct, intrinsic unconditioned responses. \\\n> ----\\\n>\\\n> - Harold Bloom's Themes in American Literature \\\n> - Joseph Campbell's studies of myth\\\n> - ADD SECTIONS ON THEORY & CRITICISM \\\n> - Early 2000s sci-fi anime archetypes and tropes\\\n> \\\n>- Robert McKee\\\n\\t- Story\\\n\\t- Character\\\n>\\\n> - Narrative Astrology \\\n\\t- Narrative Natal Chart\\\n\\t- Transits \\\n\\t- Progressions\\\n\\\n\\\n > can you answer the following question fully \\\"What is the Optionlock that brings ASTRO7EX to a climax?\\\" its to enter into the Dramatica Story Limit section\"]],\"start1\":0,\"start2\":0,\"length1\":0,\"length2\":1802}]"
metadata_diff: {"new":{"id":"0ea2b55accc144cea5c913f19c9b3e0d","parent_id":"1deedc70024a4fedbd88ff1a9556b407","latitude":"30.43825590","longitude":"-84.28073290","altitude":"0.0000","author":"","source_url":"","is_todo":0,"todo_due":0,"todo_completed":0,"source":"joplin-desktop","source_application":"net.cozic.joplin-desktop","application_data":"","order":0,"markup_language":1,"is_shared":0,"share_id":"","conflict_original_id":"","master_key_id":"","user_data":"","deleted_time":0},"deleted":[]}
encryption_cipher_text: 
encryption_applied: 0
updated_time: 2025-06-16T04:49:23.536Z
created_time: 2025-06-16T04:49:23.536Z
type_: 13