Matthias had never stayed up all night in his life. He was just a bit tired, but strangely excited. Great events seemed to have been set in motion by his news. Immediately upon being informed of the hay cart incident, the Abbot had insisted upon calling a special council meeting of all Redwall creatures. Once again Cavern Hole was packed to the doors, but this time it was for a purpose very different from the feast. Constance and Matthias stood in front of the Council of Elders. All about them was a hum of whispers and muttering. Abbot Mortimer called order by ringing a small bell. “Pay attention, everyone. Constance and Matthias, would you please tell the Council what you saw tonight on the road to St. Ninian’s.” As clearly as they could, the badger and the young mouse related the incident of the rat-infested hay cart. The Council began questioning them. “Rats, you say, Matthias. What type of rat?” inquired Sister Clemence. “Big ones,” Matthias replied, “though I’m afraid I couldn’t say what kind they were or where they ha

come from.” “What about you, Constance?” “Well, I remember that my old grandad once knew a sea rat,” she answered. “Going by his description, I’d say that’s what they looked like to me.” “And how many would you say there were of these rats?” Father Abbot asked. “Couldn’t say for sure, Father Abbot. There must have been hundreds.” “Matthias?” “Oh yes, Father. I’d agree with Constance. At least four hundred.” “Did you notice anything else about them, Constance?” “Indeed I did, Father Abbot. My badger senses told me right off that these were very bad and evil rats.” The badger’s statement caused uproar and shouts of “Nonsense. Pure speculation” and “That’s right! Give a rat a bad name!” Without even thinking, Matthias raised a paw and shouted aloud, “Constance is right. I could feel it myself. There was one huge rat with a ferret’s skull on a pole. I got a good look at him — it was like seeing some horrible monster.” In the silence that followed, the Abbot rose and confronted Matthias. Stooping slightly, he stared int

the young mouse’s bright eyes. “Think carefully, my son. Was there anything special you noticed about this rat?” Matthias thought for a moment. Everyone was watching him. “He was much bigger than the others, Father.” “What else? Think, Matthias.” “I remember! He only had one eye.” “Right or left?” “Left, I think. Yes, it was the left, Father.” “Now, can you recall anything about his tail?” “I certainly can,” Matthias squeaked. “It must have been the longest tail of any rat alive. He held it in his claw as if it were a whip.” The Abbot paced up and down before turning to the assembly. “Twice in my lifetime I have heard travelers speak of this rat. He bears a name that a fox would be afraid to whisper in the darkness of midnight. Cluny the Scourge!” A deathly hush fell upon the creatures in Cavern Hole. Cluny the Scourge! Surely not? He was only some kind of folk legend, a warning used by mothers when youngsters were fractious or disobedient

“Go to sleep or Cluny will get you! ” “Eat up your dinner or Cluny will come! ” “Come in this instant, or I’ll tell Cluny! ” Most creatures didn’t even know what Cluny was. He was just some sort of bogey that lived in bad dreams and the dark corners of imagination. The silence was broken by scornful snorts and derisive laughter. Furry elbows nudged downy ribs. Mice were beginning to smile from sheer relief. Cluny the Scourge, indeed! Feeling slightly abashed, Matthias and Constance looked pleadingly towards the Abbot for support. Abbot Mortimer’s old face was stern as he shook the bell vigorously for silence. “Mice of Redwall, I see there are those among you who doubt the word of your Abbot.” The quiet but authoritative words caused an embarrassed shuffling from the Council Elders. Brother Joseph stood up and cleared his throat. “Ahem, er, good Father Abbot, we all respect your word and look to you for guidance, but really ... I mean ...” Sister Clemence stood up smiling. She spread her paws wide. “Perhaps Cluny is coming to get us for staying up late.” A roar of laughter greeted the ironic words

Constance’s back hairs bristled. She gave an angry growl followed by a fierce bark. The mice huddled together with fright. Nobody had ever seen a snarling, angry badger at a Council meeting. Before they could recover, Constance was up on her hind legs having her say. “I’ve never seen such a pack of empty-headed ninnies. You should all be ashamed of yourselves, giggling like silly little otter cubs that have caught a beetle. I never thought I’d live to see the Elders of Redwall acting in this way.” Constance hunched her heavy shoulders and glared about with a ferocity that set them trembling. “Now you listen to me. Take heed of what your Father Abbot has to say. The next creature who utters one squeak will answer to me. Understand?” The badger bowed low in a dignified manner, gesturing with her massive blunt paw. “The floor is yours, Father Abbot.” “Thank you, Constance, my good and faithful friend,” the Abbot murmured. He looked about him, shaking his head gravely. “I have little more to say on the subject, but as I see that you still need convincing, here is my proposal. We will send two mice out to relieve the gatehouse. Let me see, yes ... Brothers Rufus and George, woul

you kindly go and take over from Brother Methuselah? Please send him in here to me. Tell him to bring the travelers’ record volumes. Not the present issue, but the old editions which were used in past years.” Rufus and George, both solid-looking, sensible mice, took their leave with a formal bow to the Abbot. Through a high slitted window, Matthias could see the rosy-pink and gold fingers of dawn stealing down to Cavern Hole as the candles began to flicker and smoke into stubs. All in the space of a night events had moved from festivity to a crisis, and he, Matthias, had taken a major role in both. First the big grayling, then the sighting of the cart; large happenings for a small mouse. Old Brother Methuselah had kept the Abbey records for as long as any creature could remember. It was his life’s work and consuming passion. Besides the official chronicle of Redwall he also kept his own personal volume, full of valuable information. Traveling creatures, migratory birds, wandering foxes, rambling squirrels and garrulous hares — they all stopped and chatted with the old mouse, partaking of his hospitality, never dreaming of hurting him in any way. Methuselah had the gift of tongues. He could understand any creature, even a bird. He was an extraordinary old mouse, who lived with the company of his volumes in the solitude of the gatehouse.Seated in the Father Abbot’s own chair, Methuselah took his spectacles from a moss-bark case, carefully perching them on the bridge of his nose. All gathered around to hear as he opened a record book and spoke in a squeak barely above a whisper. “Hmm, hmm, me Lord Abbot Cedric. It is Cedric, isn’t it? Oh botheration, you’ll be the new Abbot, Mortimer, the one who came after Cedric. Oh dear me, I see so many of them come and go, you know. Hmm, hmm, me Lord Abbot Mortimer and members of Redwall, I refer to a record of winter, six years back.” Here the ancient mouse took a while to leaf through the pages. “Hmm, ah yes, here it is. ‘Late in November, Year of the Small Sweet Chestnut, from a frozen sparrowhawk come down from the far north ...’ — peculiar chap, spoke with a strange accent. I repaired his right wing pinfeather — ‘... news of a mine disaster, caused by a large savage sea rat with an extraordinary tail. It seems that this rat — Cluny they called him — wanted to settle his army in the mine. The badgers and other creatures who owned the mine drove them out. Cluny returned by night, and with his band of rats gnawed away and undermined much of the wooden shoring. This caused the mine to collapse the next day, killing the owners.’

Brother Methuselah closed the volume and looked over his glasses at the assembly. “I have no need to read further, I can recite other misdeeds from memory. As the hordes of Cluny the Scourge have moved southwards over the past six years, I have gathered intelligence of other incidents: a farmhouse set alight, later that same year ... piglets, an entire litter of them eaten alive by rats ... sickness and disease spread through livestock herds by Cluny’s army. There was even a report brought to me two years ago by a town dog: an army of rats stampeded a herd of cows through a village, causing chaos and much destruction.” Methuselah halted and blinked over his spectacles. “And you dare doubt the word of our Abbot that Cluny the Scourge exists? What idiotic mice you are, to be sure.” Methuselah’s words caused widespread consternation. There was much agitated nibbling of paws. Nobody could doubt he spoke the truth; he was already old and wise when the most elderly among them was a blind hairless mite, puling and whimpering for a feed from its mother. “Oh my whiskers, what a mess.” “Hadn’t we better pack up and move?” “Maybe Cluny will spare us.” “Oh dear, oh dear, what shall we do?

Matthias sprang to the middle of the floor brandishing his staff in a way that surprised even him. “Do?” he cried. “I’ll tell you what we’ll do. We’ll be ready.” The Abbot could not help shaking his head in admiration. It seemed that young Matthias had hidden depths. “Why, thank you, Matthias,” he said. “I could not have put it better myself. That’s exactly what we will do. We’ll be ready!

Chapter 8 Cluny the Scourge was having nightmares. He had lain down in the Churchmouses’ bed for a well-earned rest while his army was going about its allotted tasks. He should never have tried to sleep on an empty stomach, but weariness overcame his hunger. In Cluny’s dream everything was shrouded in a red mist. The cries of his victims rang out as barns blazed, and ships foundered on a stormy red sea. Cattle bellowed in pain as he battled with the pike that had taken his eye. The Warlord thrashed about, killing, conquering and laying waste to all in his dream. Then the phantom figure appeared. At first it seemed a small thing, a mouse in fact, dressed in a long hooded robe. Cluny did not relish meeting with it — he could not tell why — but the mouse kept getting closer to him. For the first time in his life, he turned and ran! Cluny went like a bat out of hell. Glancing back, he saw all the carnage, death and misery he had caused in his career. The big rat laughed insanely and ran faster: on and on, past scenes of desolation an

destruction wreaked by him, Cluny the Scourge. Floating through the red mists he could still see the strange mouse hard on his heels. Cluny felt himself filled with hatred for his pursuer. It seemed to have grown larger; its eyes were cold and grim. Deep inside, Cluny knew that even he could not frighten this oddly-garbed mouse. Now it was wielding a large bright sword, an ancient weapon of terrible beauty. The battle-scarred blade had a word written upon it that he could not make out. Sweat dripped from Cluny’s claws like stinging acid. He stumbled. The strange figure was closer; it had grown into a giant! Cluny’s lungs felt as if they were bursting. He realized that he had slowed up and the mouse was getting closer. He tried to put on an extra burst of speed, but his legs would not obey. They ran more and more slowly — more and more heavily. Cluny cursed aloud at his leaden limbs. He saw he was trapped in deep icy mud. For the first time he knew the meaning of mindless fear and panic. He turned slowly. Too late. The enemy was upon him; he was rooted helpless to the spot. The avenging mouse swung the sword up high; a million lights flashed from its deadly blade as it struck. Bong

The loud toll of the distant Joseph Bell brought Cluny whirling back from the realms of nightmare to cold reality. He shivered, wiping the sweat from his fur with a shaky paw. Saved by the bell. He was puzzled. What did the fearful dream mean? Cluny had never been one to put his faith in omens, but this dream ... it had been so lifelike and vivid that he shuddered. A timid paw tapping on the door snapped Cluny from his reverie with a start. It was Ragear and Mangefur, his scavengers. They slunk into the room, each trying to hide behind the other, knowing that the poor results of their search were likely to incur the Chief’s wrath. Their assumption was correct. Cluny’s baleful eye watched them as his long flexible tail sorted through the paltry offerings which had dropped from their claws. A few dead beetles, two large earthworms, some unidentifiable vegetation and the pitiful carcass of a long-dead sparrow. Cluny smiled at Ragear and Mangefur. With a sigh of relief they grinned back at him. The Chief was in a good mood. At lightning speed the big rat’s claws shot out, and grabbed them both cruelly by the ears. The stupid henchrats yowled piteously as they were lifted bodily from the floor and swung to and fro. In a fit of rage

Cluny bashed their heads together. Half senseless, they were hurled towards the doorway, with his angry words ringing in their skulls. “Beetles, worms, rotten sparrows! Get me meat. Tender, young, red meat! Next time you bring me rubbish like this, I’ll spit the pair of you and have you roasted in your own juice. Is that clear?” Mangefur pointed an accusing claw at his companion. “Please, Chief, it was Ragear’s fault. If we’d gone across the fields instead of up the road—” “Don’t believe that big fat liar, Chief. It was him who suggested going up the road, not me—” “Get out!” The scavengers dashed off, bumping clumsily into each other with panic as they tried to get through the door together. Cluny slumped back on the bed and snorted impatiently. Frogblood and Scumnose were next to report. They bore news that cheered Cluny up somewhat. They’d obtained over a hundred new recruits, mainly rats but with a good scattering of ferrets and weasels, and the odd stoat. There had been some who needed convincing. These had been press-ganged by a savage beating from Frogblood, coupled with the threat of horrible death. They were soon convinced that the wisest course was to enlist in Cluny’s horde

Others were hungry nomads, only too willing to join up with the infamous Cluny. They were greedy for plunder and booty and pleased to be on what they were sure would be the winning side. Lined up in the churchyard, the recruits were supplied with weaponry by Redtooth and Darkclaw. Impassively they stood in ranks awaiting the Warlord’s inspection. Cluny nodded his approval. Scurvy rats, hungry ferrets, sly weasels, bad stoats — exactly what he needed. “Read ’em the articles, Redtooth,” he snapped. Redtooth swaggered back and forth on the churchyard paving as he recited the formula from memory. “Right, eyes front. You’re in the service of Cluny the Scourge now, me buckoes! Desert and you’ll be killed. Retreat and you’re under sentence of death. Disobey and you’ll die. I’m Redtooth, Cluny’s number-one rat. You will obey the word of your captains. They take orders from me. I take orders from Cluny, remember that. Now, if any one, two, or a group, or even all of you together want to try and beat Cluny and lead the horde, this is your chance.” Without warning, Cluny charged headlong into the new recruits, lashing out wildly with his scourging tail. He bowled them left, right, and center with his massive strength. Baring his teeth and slitting his eye, he whipped fiercely away until they fell back and scattered in disorder, hiding behind gravestones. Cluny threw back his head and roared with laughter. “No guts, eh? Ha, it’s just as well! I don’t want dead ’uns on my claws before I find a proper battle for you to fight. And make no mistake, when the right time comes I’ll see you fight, aye, and die too. Now, raise your weapons and let’s see if you know who your master is.” A motley collection of evil-looking implements was framed by the cloudless sky as wild cries rang out from the newly-inducted recruits. “Cluny, Cluny, Cluny the Scourge!

Chapter 9 Abbot Mortimer and Constance the badger meandered through the grounds together. Both creatures were deep in thought. Had they spoken and voiced their thoughts, they would have mentioned the same subject, the safety of Redwall. Down long ages the beautiful old Abbey had stood for happiness, peace and refuge to all. Diligent mice tended the neat little vegetable patches which every season gave forth an abundance of fresh produce: cabbages, sprouts, marrows, turnips, peas, carrots, tomatoes, lettuces and onions, all in their turn. Flowerbeds, heady and fragrant with countless varieties of summer blooms from rose to humble daisy, were planted by the mice and husbanded by the hard-working bee folk, who in their turn rewarded Redwall with plentiful supplies of honey and beeswax. The two friends wandered onwards, past the pond. Early-morning sunlight glinted off the water, throwing out ripples from the fish caught by the overnight lines which were baited and left to drift each evening by Brother Alf. Ahead of them lay the berry-hedges — raspberry, blackberry, bilberry — and th

strawberry patch where every August sleepy baby creatures could be seen, their stomachs full after eating the pick of the crop. Gradually they made their way around the big old chestnut trees into the orchard. This was the Abbot’s favorite spot. Many a leisurely nap had he taken on sunny afternoons with the aroma of ripening fruit hovering in his whiskers: apples, pears, quince, plums, damsons, even a vine of wild grape on the warm red stone of a south-facing wall. Old Mother Nature’s blessing lay upon a haven of warm friendliness. Now with the threat of Cluny upon Redwall, the two old friends assessed the beauteous bounty of their lifelong abode. Sweet birdsong on the still air ringed Constance’s heart with sorrow and regret that this peaceful existence would soon pass. Gruffly she snuffled deep in her throat, blinking off a threatening teardrop. The Abbot sensed his companion’s distress. He patted the badger’s rough coat with a gentle paw. “There, there, old girl. Don’t fret. Many times in our history has tragedy been forestalled by miraculous happenings.” Constance grunted in agreement, not wishing to disillusion her trusting old friend. Deep within her she knew a dark shadow was casting itself over the Abbey. Furthermore, it was happening in the present, not i

bygone days of fabled deeds. Matthias seated himself to an early breakfast in Cavern Hole: nutbread, apples and a bowl of fresh goatsmilk. Cornflower, along with other woodland creatures granted sanctuary, was sleeping in makeshift quarters provided by the good mice of Redwall. Matthias felt that he had grown up overnight. Duty was a mantle that he had taken willingly upon his shoulders. If there were a threat to Redwall from outside it must be dealt with. The mice of Redwall were peaceful creatures, but that must not be taken as a sign of weakness. Stolidly he munched away as he confronted the problem. “Eat heartily, Matthias. No point in facing trouble on an empty stomach. Feed the body, nourish the mind.” The young mouse was surprised to see that old Brother Methuselah had been watching him, his eyes twinkling behind the curious spectacles he invariably wore. The ancient mouse sat down at the breakfast table with a small groan. “Don’t look so surprised, young one. Your face is an open book to one of my years.” Matthias drained the last of the milk from his bowl, wiping cream from his whiskers with the back of

paw. “Give me your advice, Brother Methuselah,” he said. “What would you do?” The old mouse wrinkled his nose. “Exactly the same thing as you would that is, if I were younger and not so old and stiff.” Matthias felt he had found an ally. “You mean you would fight?” Methuselah rapped the table with a bony paw. “Of course I would. It’s the only sensible course to take.” He paused and stared at Matthias in an odd manner. “Hmm, y’know there’s something about you, young feller. Did you ever hear the story of how Martin the Warrior first came to Redwall?” Matthias leaned forward eagerly. “Martin! Tell me, Brother, I love hearing about the warrior monk.” Methuselah’s voice dropped to a secretive whisper. “It is written in the great chronicle of Redwall that Martin was very young to be such a warrior. He could have been the same age as yourself, Matthias. Like you, he was impulsive and had a great quality of youthful innocence about him when he first came to our Abbey. But it is also written that in times of trouble Martin had the gift of a natural leader, a command over others far superior to him in age and experience. The chronicle says that they looked to Martin as some look to a strong father.” Matthias was full of wonderment, but he could not help feeling puzzled. “Why do you tell all this to me, Brother Methuselah?” The old mouse stood up. He stared hard at Matthias for a moment, then, turning, he shuffled slowly off. As he went, he called back over his shoulder, “Because, Matthias ... because he was very like you!” Before the young mouse could question the old one further, the Joseph Bell tolled out a warning. Sandals flapping, Matthias dashed out into the grounds, nearly colliding with the Abbot and Constance, who, like everyone else, were heading for the gatehouse. Brothers Rufus and George had an incident to report. A large evil-looking rat, covered in tattoos and carrying a rusty cutlass, had turned up at the gate. He had tried to gain entry by pretending he was injured. Limping about, the rat explained that he had been in a hay cart that overturned into the ditch. Would they come with him and render assistance to his friends, many of whom were lying trapped beneath the cart, crying out for help? Brother Rufus was no fool. “How many rats were traveling in the cart altogether?” he asked. “Oh, a couple of hundred,” came the glib reply. Then why, reasoned Brother Rufus, did the rats not give aid to their own companions? Surely all two hundred were not trapped? The rat evaded the question and made a great show of rubbing his injured leg. Could they not take him in and dress his wound and perhaps give him a bite to eat at least? Brother George agreed, on condition that the rat surrender his weapon. The rat made as if to do so, then suddenly lunged at Brother George, only to be sent sprawling by a blow from Brother Rufus’s staff. Realizing that he was up against two big, competent mice who would stand no nonsense, he became abusive and bad-mouthed. “Ha! Just you wait, mice,” he raged. 