# Friday, May 31 2024 - 11:07 AM
 Mood -
 Weather -
 Girl - 

 ## LET ME TELL YOU SOMMETHING...

 - Deb hurt her leg today in Crete. I still don't trust our host. Right now she is with the fam at, I guess, some sort of local clinic similar to an urgent care. Joey, Tyler, Mom, Danielle, and Tyler's GF (I forget her name I fucking need to get my shit together), are there right now and my father is sleeping inside his room at the AirBnB. 
 - A specialist is on the way there now, and hopefully things will turn out well for Deb. 
 - I hope the price isn't to crazy. 
 - I'm glad my mom is here. Something to learn is some basic medical procedure to stabilize and injury and whether or not to move someone. Especially in a foreign country like this. 
 - I still don't trust our host. 

 ## PRE-MEAL...

### FROM YESTERDAY'S POST

 ## NOTES
---
 Mayari neesd to learn her vitriolic, violent, and disciplined nature from her father. An OG Lunar Alliance Marine and current Sherriff of the hydromine crater town they live in. Call it 'Aqua Blu 17' 

 I thought of a moment. 

 Mayari's mother (Monica) is arguing with Mayri's father (Carmine), about the most recent stunt that he pulled. Sometihng about discipling her too hard about pushing her to hard, especially since Mayari is 'still growing' and has 'something that makes her especially weak' like small lungs, moon asthma, whatever.' Perhaps something to do with her genetic predisposition to not tolerate radiation exposure as much as a typical 'lithborn.' 
 Of course the argument intensifies, builds up to the point where it becomes the matter of Monica's primarily Earthen genetics, by nature a long line which eventually folds into dust--basically an inability to track, isolate, and eliminate dna pairs that do not provide the best chance of survival on the moon. 

 However, Carmine, is lithblorn, regablood, of a strong genetic line engineered over the last 200 years by a military industrial complex that which currently makes up of the Church of Earth. 

 Carmine, pulled a Prince Henry, which in certain standings violates a breach of contract, sinlaw, and treason against the great return burn. He fell in love with Monica, more than that, he had unregulated copulation resulting in pregnancy. 

 Dispite valiant effort by Carmine to regulate the marriage, Monica posed a very Earthen ideal that he could not argue: 'Love Damned us when we met are we to turn against it now? You know what they will do. To me, to you, your family--carmine doesn't care about his family--our son....' 

And thus Carmine and Monica left the North Polar Capital and made their way as outlaws in the Mare. 

On their desperate journey, on their last legs, they witness a massive meteor storm, not regular of the 

But I digress, the nature of the fight in the beginning is due to the unknown and complex nature of Mayari's unkown and complex genetic structure. 

Her father simply knows that the moon is a dangerous place and has no room for weakness. No room for love. But her mother, argues otherwise, that he is an ignorant, principled, and flawed man that is incapable of fathoming its power, even when he has deeply fallen for it since the beginning.
---

### Creating a directory for the G-ON IP. 


