3: Non-Narrative Comments Not every sentence in a narrative text can be called “narrative” according to the definitions presented in this book. Sometimes it is worthwhile analysing the alternation between narration and non-narrative comments. Often, it is in such comments that ideological statements are made. This is not to say that the rest of the narrative is “innocent” of ideology– on the contrary. The reason for examining these alternations is precisely to measure the difference between the text’s overt ideology, as stated in such comments, and its more hidden or naturalized ideology, as embodied in the narrative representations. The following excerpt from an old-fashioned Dutch children’s book, Danny Goes Shopping by L. Roggeveen, presents a fairly obvious case. It shows that the commentary of the external narrator may far exceed the function of narrating. 1 Danny is barely able to hear him above the music. 2 What is the matter? he thinks. 3 Wide-eyed, he looks about him. 4 Then he understands everything! 5 There they come, arm in arm, with happy faces: Mr Alexanderand Miss Ann! 6 Mr Alexander is a poet. 7 In his life, he has already written many rhymes. 8 He has written a poem about Danny, one about currant bread; one about the singing of the nightingale in the silent wood; and more than seven about Miss Ann

24 Text: Signs 9 Why did Miss Ann get so many poems? 10 Well, that is not difficult to guess! 11 Because Mr Alexander loves Miss Ann so much! 12 And, fortunately, Miss Ann loves Mr Alexander just as much! 13 What do two people who love each other do? 14 Well, that also is not difficult to guess! 15 They get married! Of course! They did in the past, they do so now, and they always will! 16 Mr Alexander and Miss Ann act just like all other people. 17 And today is their wedding day! 18 The mayor is waiting for the pair in the town hall. We can summarize the fabula of this page as follows: Danny watches the arrival of a bridal pair. Focusing on the actors and their actions, I would summarize what Danny sees as: the bridal pair arrives, the mayor is waiting. A lot disappears in this summary. Analysing what, exactly, helps distinguish between narrative and non-narrative parts of the text. In lines 9 through 15 no events are presented. In addition, we are not exclusively confronted with objects from the fabula. Lines 9 through 12 convey the idea that Mr Alexander and Miss Ann love each other. The two actors are described in their relationship to each other, or rather, the collective actor “bridal pair” is described as consisting of two people who “love each other.” But in doing so, we neglect the word “fortunately” in line 12. This word communicates an opinion, relating to the balance (“just as much”) between the two actors. A balance of this kind is evaluated favourably. This adverb cannot be termed descriptive, because it refers to something of a more general, more public and cultural bearing than the fabula. Parts of the text referring to something general are best called argumentative. Argumentative textual passages do not refer to an element (process or object) of the fabula, but to an external topic. From this definition, it appears that the term “argumentative” should be taken in the widest sense. Not only opinions but also declarations on the factual state of the world fall under this definition: for instance, sentences like “water always boils at 100 degrees,” or “Poland lies behind the Iron Curtain.” Also, sentences of this type communicate no more than a vision of reality. High in the mountains, or using another method of scaling the thermometer, water boils at a different temperature (i.e., a different representation of temperature)

Non-Narrative Comments 25 That the second example denotes not a fact but an opinion is evident when we change the sentence to “Poland lies in Eastern Europe,” or “Bonn lies behind the Iron Curtain.” Whereas the sentence could still appear factual when I first wrote this book, it has now become a “dated” sentence that is no longer true even if one still holds on to the opinion it expresses. Because the division between opinions and facts is difficult to draw, it makes sense to consider “argumentative” statements that refer to something of general knowledge outside the fabula. The word “fortunately” formed part of a sentence that is, for the rest, descriptive. Analysing the story line by line, lines 9 to 12 describe elements of the fabula. Lines 13 to 15, however, do not contain any reference to elements of the fabula that could be described. Here we only see the representation of opinions about behaviour: people who love each other marry; this is what is usually done, and (therefore) is as it should be. This opinion is represented in a certain form. This form, the game of question and answer in a mock dialogue, had already started in line 2. The form conceivably has a convincing effect: the opinion is not presented as a personal one, but as something self-evident. This catechism is extended to convince the reader that she has known the truth all along. The numerous exclamation marks and additions like “of course” pursue the same goal. This kind of ideological drill may not be so common any longer in contemporary children’s fiction, but in subtler forms it is not absent at all. In the next line, the actors are linked to the public opinion through mention of their conformism. They are merely described in that sentence. Only in the last sentence is a presentation of an event narrated. A new actor appears, the mayor. He is confronted with another actor, the bridal pair. This confrontation has a temporal aspect that will be explained in the next chapter. Though the act of the mayor is durative, not circumscribed in time, it appears from the lines following those of our passage that waiting must, nevertheless, be seen as an event. The mayor gets irritated because he has to wait, and takes action. It would be naive to suppose that only argumentative parts of the text communicate ideology. This happens equally in descriptive and narrative parts of the text; but the manner in which it happens is different. In addition, the example shows that the discursive form – here, the catechistic style – itself has ideological implications. What matters most is not the ideology of marriage as the universal form of “acting” upon love, but its presentation in a form of “teaching” of a particular kind: the drill

26 Text: Signs The argumentative parts of the text often give explicit information about the ideology of a text. It is, however, quite possible that such explicit statements are treated ironically in other parts of the text, or are contradicted by descriptive or narrative parts of the text to such an extent that the reader must distance herself from them. If we want to evaluate the ideological tenor of a text, an analysis of the relationship between these three textual forms within the totality of the entire text is a crucial element. Non-narrative comments occur everywhere within narratives. The reverse is also true: non-narrative texts, including scientific ones, are also replete with narrative.

3: Non-narrative Comments, Narrative Arguments Non-narrative comments occur everywhere within narratives. Since these pass mostly unreflectively, opinions and inflections do not affect the status of the narrator as the “I” hidden behind a “he” or an “it.” Together, they may begin to sketch the shape of the focalizer, whose vision the narrator tells. The reverse is also true: non-narrative texts, including scientific ones, are also replete with narrative. The following example demonstrates the relevance of the search for narrativity and the identification of the narrator even within apparently non-narrative discourse. Physicist and philosopher of science Evelyn Fox Keller (1992) has conducted studies on the connections between language and science. One of these concerned the way scientific inventions and ideas are presented to the larger public. This study focused on the word “secret” as in “the secret of life.” Another study was about the language in which biology continues to build on evolutionary theory. A central concept in that work was the term “competition”; traditionally, after Darwin, related to “struggle for life” and “survival of the fittest.” The price to pay for this attention to competition was a lack of attention to collaboration, an evidently indispensable element in the sexual reproduction of organisms. One doesn’t need to be a biologist to see that this privileging of one term over another has potential consequences for the further development of the theory itself and the social influence of such thinking in relation to gender. Bringing narrativity to bear on both competition and collaboration facilitates a diversification of the theory itself. In the study I am looking at here, the issue was the use of metaphors one can still maintain to be “innocent,” “just language”: rhetorical. It concerned the discourse the developers of DNA used to present the importance of their research to the public. That discourse was filled with words carrying a long tradition. Thus, the initial molecule was called mother-molecule, and nature was constantly referred to as a woman; the unknown that it was the project to understand was “the secret o

Non-narrative Comments, Narrative Arguments 55 life,” which had to be found out, if necessary by means of violence. Keller interpreted this discourse as follows: And if we ask, whose secret life has historically been, and from whom has it been secret, the answer is clear: Life has traditionally been seen as the secret of women, a secret from men. By virtue of their ability to bear children, it is women who have been perceived as holding the secret of life. (40) I focus on the metaphor in that word “secret,” which sounds so common and ordinary. Whereas the word “secret” in combination with “life” or “nature” has indeed become quite usual, the word is here a substitute for something else, not a single term but, I argue, a narrative. What is unknown, as the negating prefix suggests, can be known. The subject of that knowing is the researcher. What is secret can also be known. But here, the subject is not quite the researcher. The word “secret” implies an action, hence, a subject of withholding. If there is a secret, then somebody is keeping it. This differentiates the secret from the enigma, which is subjectless, a situation or state, and the noun denoting it, descriptive. Hence, the choice for “secret” is not necessary; it is an active choice, which fits into the network of gendered language in which nature and life are made feminine. And it implicitly tells a story in which secrecy is seen as an act. “Secret” as a metaphor for the unknown, when considered a mini-narration, establishes a focalizer who perceives an opposition between two subjects: the researcher who wants to know the secret and “woman” who withholds it. This opposition between acting agents is easily turned into hostility, as the well-known metaphor of seventeenth-century British philosopher Francis Bacon (1561–1626) shows, according to which the scientist wanted to put nature on the rack to torture “her” secrets out of “her.” But this gendering of the unknown comes with a second aspect of the word “secret,” which is of an altogether different nature. A secret that must be found out implies a process in which that finding out takes place. If we compare this to detective fiction, the series of events involved in that process can be considered a fabula. That narrative is implicitly told by the user of the metaphor; the male scientist’s spokesman is its narrator. The narration is subjective in the precise sense of emanating from a subject. The word tells the narrative in the version of – from the focalization of – the subject of not-knowing. This subject feels excluded by the lack of knowledge, and experiences it as an action by an insider, the subject of knowing and withholding. That subject, now an actor, is the narrator’s opponent. This implied battle betwee

56 Text: Signs two actors intimates that the narrator may well be an imperceptible one (an np) but is certainly not an external narrator (EN). This interpretation of metaphor as mini-narrative yields insight, not into what the speaker means but into what a cultural community considers “normal” interpretations; so acceptable that they are not considered metaphorical at all, and certainly not narrative. It requires analysis cultural-narratological analysis – to follow up on the question of cultural interaction involved here. This is a case of ideology in ordinary language that becomes visible through narratological analysis. It may sound paradoxical, but I contend that the argumentative, hence, in itself non-narrative nature implied by the metaphor becomes apparent as soon as we consider the metaphor to be narrative. This is one example of how narratological analysis is inherently able to facilitate political or ideological understanding – an understanding that does not even let science keep immunity from narratology-based critique. It demonstrates, therefore, that all approaches that either isolate ideology from structure or reject structural analysis because it is not considered political are missing an important point of narrative theory.