---
title: >-
  I haven't updated it in about a year. And i've done my own day long sprints
  now 
updated: 2025-12-06 06:55:59Z
created: 2025-12-06 06:52:54Z
latitude: 30.43825590
longitude: -84.28073290
altitude: 0.0000
---

I haven't updated it in about a year. And i've done my own day long sprints now and then to try and spruce it up by adding pictures or creating different versions of my profile description etc. So much has changed over the years that it doesn't seem as...genuine...as in 2 years ago i joined a 'clan' or 'family' or whatever. i remember back in the day it was a point of pride to be one. but the longer i remained it seems that it was a highly organized and orchestrated grift of putting on events for vendors to sell their stuff, membership fees, high number impersonal get togethers, unwelcoming, party 'fees' where in the end the damn event felt more of like a mix of high-school party where there were cliques that seemed to just do their own scenes, while others were in the periphary, just....not deliberately, but an air of disconcern for those who did not know anybody. like there was a raffle for god sake. there was food and alcohol which was strange as well. this is highly different to what the experience i had 9 years prior where the events were not necessarily intimate, but more manageable. not in a huge house filled with 40 people i've never met before run by someone i've only talked to for a chat, but someone who understood the position i was in and others were. i went to multiple events like that were i was able to actually explore with people who actually cared and were excited to share in something which is inherently a very complex social dynamic. i felt like i was a person with other people were genuinely open had initiative, experience, and not like i was just some fuckin entry in a database. I felt like something that I cherished and really am passionate about was turned into an exploitable weakness that could be capitalized from where the indifference of the family or whatever was malicious in a way that was inherently difficult to explain, calculated, and shamelessly executed. The only people I did have any contact with were those who were somehow related to the bureaucracy. To an extent to that if I did say something, I didn't know whether or not anything substantive would come to. And to that extent, the insecurity of my own feelings at the time, during, and afterwards was absolutely unfounded. Its like going to Magic Kingdom when its clearly just a cardboard castle. But all the castmembers, returning visitors, and even walt disney himself were convinced themselves that they were in fact the best theme park in the world. The vibe was split into two polar opposite groups of social classes. the new people and the cool people. It felt like we were furniture, in a bad way, for a show put on for and by the others. it felt so insidious.  Like the fact that I was there, I was playing my part according to the script. An involuntary participat fetishized for the pleasure of only the informed few  all at the expense of my dignity. I felt like a fool, shamed, and the exact opposite of what the intention of taking a leap, trusting, and beliving the people who ran this thing hand my interest or even knew I existed. Instead they were the ones partying, having the time of their lives while I was just that loser who went to prom without a date, without a plan, without any idea what to do. And they wanted that. The audacity to continue to reach out to me like I still owed, I still was obligated, and should feel compelled to participate without even fucking considering my experience and humanity at all. I digress. My angle with this is that I will give my all and do everything I can to truly in good faith and certainty that this is/will be the last venture into the deep void. head first all in reichous mission to achieve my goals. And if it ends in what I unfortunately hypothesize it will end as, I will have data, evidence, and irrefutable account of the experience to which I can document and report in some sort of editorial article akin to the that of which can be published in a Rolling Stone, Playboy, fuck it even a glorified substack entry. I want to derive a true to life account that I can use as material in my career as a righteous autoethnographic 